<!DOCTYPE HTML>
<html xmlns:fb="http://www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns:og="http://opengraphprotocol.org/schema/">
 <head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="content-type"/>
  <title>
   Tesla Technology: Top Secret Weapons &amp; Covert Military Installations
  </title>
  <meta content="tesla,secret weapons,military,technology" name="keywords"/>
  <meta content="Tesla Technology - The Basis of Secret Weapons Systems and Military Installations Covertly Developed since the end of the Second World War." name="description"/>
  <link href="/sd/support-files/A.style.css.pagespeed.cf.sGzSPsQdG_.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <script src="/sd/support-files/mobile.js.pagespeed.jm.DY-B67BW1b.js" type="text/javascript">
  </script>
  <script type="text/javascript">
   MOBILE.enabled=true;MOBILE.contentColumnWidth='730px';MOBILE.init();
  </script>
  <!-- start: tool_blocks.sbi_html_head -->
  <link href="http://www.ancient-world-mysteries.com/tesla-secret-weapons-technology.html" rel="canonical"/>
  <meta content="Tesla Technology: Top Secret Weapons &amp; Covert Military Installations" property="og:title"/>
  <meta content="Tesla Technology - The Basis of Secret Weapons Systems and Military Installations Covertly Developed since the end of the Second World War." property="og:description"/>
  <meta content="article" property="og:type"/>
  <meta content="http://www.ancient-world-mysteries.com/tesla-secret-weapons-technology.html" property="og:url"/>
  <!-- end: tool_blocks.sbi_html_head -->
  <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213570#end-of-head -->
  <script src="http://www.google-analytics.com/urchin.js" type="text/javascript">
  </script>
  <script type="text/javascript">
   _uacct="UA-4086470-1";urchinTracker();
  </script>
  <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213570#end-of-head -->
  <script src="/sd/support-files/fix.js.pagespeed.jm.8w6KTT_bEN.js" type="text/javascript">
  </script>
  <script type="text/javascript">
   MOBILE.doEndOfHead();FIX.doEndOfHead();
  </script>
 </head>
 <body>
  <div id="PageWrapper">
   <div id="Header">
    <div class="Liner">
     <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213562#top-of-header -->
     <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213562#top-of-header -->
     <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213501#bottom-of-header -->
     <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213501#bottom-of-header -->
    </div>
    <!-- end Liner -->
   </div>
   <!-- end Header -->
   <script type="text/javascript">
    MOBILE.doAfterHeader();
   </script>
   <div id="ContentWrapper">
    <div id="ContentColumn">
     <div class="Liner">
      <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213474#above-h1 -->
      <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213474#above-h1 -->
      <h1>
       <span style="color: black;font-family: georgia;">
        Tesla Technology, Top Secret Weapons &amp;
        <br/>
        Covert Military Installations
       </span>
      </h1>
      <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213660#below-h1 -->
      <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213660#below-h1 -->
      <p>
       <span style="font-family: 'times new roman',times,serif;font-size: 16px;">
        Keith Hunter
       </span>
      </p>
      <h2>
       <span style="font-family: times new roman;font-size: 19px;">
        An Extension of Tesla Technology: Secret Weapons Systems - World War II &amp; Beyond
       </span>
      </h2>
      <p>
       In the course of the build-up to the Second World War, government spending in military affairs, most especially in the US, reached heights barely imaginable just a few decades previously. But now however, completely new areas of physics were being opened up: electricity and magnetism, including the nuclear sciences. Massive funding was granted to explore these strange new realms like never before, with projects established of almost an esoteric nature.
       <br/>
       <br/>
       The aim was to discover anything that could lead to military advantage over the enemy, and to actively develop new technological capabilities as could prove decisive in determining who ultimately would win the war. A whole new world of secret weapons projects was thus born.
       <br/>
       <br/>
       When finally the war did come to an end in 1945, the world woke up sharply to a new reality, as what some of the scientists had been able to achieve became known, including Radar, the atom bomb, and rockets, which undoubtedly represented the most prominent developments. And yet, it is very important to realise, and often overlooked, that such developments as these only became known to the wider world, because it was practically impossible to keep them hidden.
       <br/>
       <br/>
       In the case of the atom bomb, the fact that it was openly used at Hiroshima and Nagasaki to force unconditional surrender from the Japanese meant that the nature of the device could not be held back. Similarly, the V2 rockets that struck London during the war forced a knowledge of such technology onto the people. In the case of Radar, although it would seem at first that this type of technology could have been successfully kept under wraps even after the end of the war, the inevitable development of civil aviation meant that it too had to be acknowledged.
      </p>
      <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213568#below-paragraph-1 -->
      <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213568#below-paragraph-1 -->
      <h2>
       <span style="font-size: 19px;">
        <b>
         <span style="font-family: times new roman;">
          Ongoing Secrecy in Advanced Weapons Research
         </span>
        </b>
       </span>
      </h2>
      <p>
       In matters of defence, no government will ever openly disclose its best military assets unless forced to do so. And thus, many military capabilities may be developed and kept secret for a long time. Indeed, even when they are used for the first time, depending upon the technology itself, it may well be the case that disclosure is not a necessary consequence. For even existing and widely known weapons can be used without ever any issues of acknowledgement arising. By way of example, one could attack another country with a reasonably low yield nuclear weapon set off deep underground. The damage would mirror that of a strong earthquake, and thus the fact that an actual weapon was used, or that a specific country was behind the attack, might never become known.
       <br/>
       <br/>
       After the Second World War, though certain military technologies did become known to the wider world, what is not readily acknowledged is that there were some that were never officially disclosed. And this is because it was possible to keep them by and large under wraps. The secret weapons technology thus remained secret. At least to the extent that nothing major leaked out.
       <br/>
       <br/>
       That being said however, quite a number of serious researchers who have looked into the matter very carefully in the years following the end of the war, have uncovered a significant body of evidence pointing to the fact that a whole new branch of physical science was explored during this period, quite apart from that considered to be mainstream. And that as a consequence of this, a set of almost fantastic military-technological breakthroughs were made that actively led to new weapons systems. They include:
       <br/>
       <br/>
       - A means of causing artificial earthquakes
       <br/>
       <br/>
       - The development of particle beam weapons
       <br/>
       <br/>
       - Power systems that could tap almost unlimited energy from the Vacuum
       <br/>
       <br/>
       - The ability to generate nuclear explosions and wilfully transmit them through space and time to any desired location
       <br/>
       <br/>
       - Development of a means of propulsion involving anti-gravity methods based upon electricity and magnetism
       <br/>
       <br/>
       In considering the list as given, of what would appear to be almost extraordinary capabilities, it would be well to know that none other than Nikola Tesla himself pioneered most of these fields. Officially, in terms of what physical-technological advancements made it into mainstream from Teslas work, only those things which were none threatening to the establishment were allowed out. Thus was alternating current  developed by Tesla  considered acceptable to the powers that be, who allowed it onto the world stage. However, Teslas work on free energy systems and of tapping the almost inexhaustible reservoir of energy from the vacuum was not.
       <br/>
       <br/>
       It is well recorded that through his experiments Tesla almost caused buildings to collapse through applied resonance to their structures. His theories in this regard explained how earthquake-force events could be artificially generated as a means to cause destruction. In addition, through his work in high-frequency high-voltage electrical currents, he was able to lay out the principles of particle beam weapons, and offered even to build one for the US military, dubbed the Tesla death ray by the newspaper men of the day.
       <br/>
       <br/>
       In advancing physics and the understanding of electricity and magnetism, it is fair to say of course that Tesla did not stand alone as one of those rare geniuses of his time. One may cite others of the same period, including Wilhelm Reich, Edward Leedskalnin, and T. Townsend Brown. Each of these men also made revolutionary advances in physics. In addition to which, the work of each of them was actively suppressed by the establishment. In the case of Reich in particular, his books were seized by Court Order and burnt to prevent his work from reaching a wider audience.
      </p>
      <h2>
       <span style="font-family: times new roman;font-size: 19px;">
        The Wireless Transmission of Power &amp; Signals: Beyond Tesla
       </span>
      </h2>
      <p>
       As of the present time, more than enough evidence exists to indicate 
that in the early part of the 20th century in the run up to the Second 
World War, in addition to the various secret weapons projects that did 
eventually become known after the end of the war, including Radar and 
the Atom Bomb, a number of other secret projects were simultaneously 
pursued based upon the discoveries of Tesla, Brown, Leedskalnin and 
Reich, that were never officially disclosed. And remain so even to this 
day. Although a full in-depth study of them all is beyond the scope of 
this present site, there is one particular development that is worthy of
 analysis: The further establishment of transmitting stations by major
 world powers after the war, based upon an extension of the work of 
Tesla at Colorado Springs and Long Island.
       <br/>
      </p>
      <p>
       In the few decades that followed the end of the war, it is very 
notable that the United States, one of the most dominant powers then 
newly arrived on the world stage, funded to the tune of millions of 
dollars the establishment of various military-scientific facilities in 
key locations around the world; positioning them at such notable 
harmonic intervals respecting the earth, as to possess a direct affinity
 to the very transmitting stations as were set up by Tesla at the turn 
of the century, including also in consequence, the Great Pyramid.
       <br/>
      </p>
      <p>
       An evaluation of two of the most prominent sites of note, 
including Pine Gap, located in Australia, and Menwith Hill, located in 
England, is most definitely in order. For indeed, from the work of 
various notable researchers in the field who have already taken to study
 these facilities, there are strong indications that these sites, 
including certain others of note, form part of an active global 
surveillance network, code named: Echelon.
      </p>
      <br/>
      <p style="text-align:center;">
       <font face="Times New Roman" size="4">
        <a href="http://www.ancient-world-mysteries.com/nikola-tesla.html">
         Nikola Tesla Main Page
        </a>
       </font>
      </p>
      <br/>
      <div class="ImageBlock ImageBlockCenter">
       <img src="http://www.ancient-world-mysteries.com/images/88xNxHalfglowingsun2.jpg.pagespeed.ic.R2PKeuxMbN.jpg" style="border-color: #f8e6b6; border-width: 0 0 11px 0; border-style: solid" width="88"/>
      </div>
      <font face="Times New Roman" size="5">
       <p style="text-align:center;">
        <a href="http://www.ancient-world-mysteries.com">
         Ancient World Mysteries Home
        </a>
       </p>
      </font>
      <br/>
      <hr style="width:100%;"/>
      <br/>
      <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213566#above-socialize-it -->
      <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213566#above-socialize-it -->
      <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213479#socialize-it -->
      <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213479#socialize-it -->
      <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213536#below-socialize-it -->
      <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213536#below-socialize-it -->
     </div>
     <!-- end Liner -->
    </div>
    <!-- end ContentColumn -->
   </div>
   <!-- end ContentWrapper -->
   <div id="NavColumn">
    <div class="Liner">
     <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213662#top-of-nav-column -->
     <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213662#top-of-nav-column -->
     <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213572#navigation -->
     <!-- start: tool_blocks.navbar -->
     <div class="Navigation">
      <ul>
       <li>
        <a href="/">
         Ancient World Mysteries
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/history-of-astronomy.html">
         Ancient Astronomy
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/Kepler.html">
         Johannes Kepler Discoveries
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/360-days-earth-year.html">
         360-day Earth Year Ideal
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/units-of-measure.html">
         Imperial Measures Origin
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/egyptian-calendar-360-days.html">
         Egyptian Calendar Cycles
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/pyramid-of-giza.html">
         The Great Pyramid of Giza
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/nikola-tesla.html">
         Nikola Tesla Inventor
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/nuclear-explosion.html">
         Nuclear Secrets Revealed
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/earthquake-predictions.html">
         Earthquake Predictions
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/2012-galactic-alignment.html">
         Mayan Calendar Cycles
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/long-count.html">
         Mayan Long Count Calendar
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/end-of-the-world.html">
         The End of the World
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/earth-changes.html">
         Earth Changes &amp; Destruction
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/outer-darkness.html">
         The Outer Darkness
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/Fractional-Reserve-Banking-Lending.html">
         Banking Corruption
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/fractional-reserve-banking.html">
         Origin of Counterfeit Money
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/lightdescent-keith-hunter-you-tube.html">
         My Video Lectures
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/lost-age-keith-hunter-interview.html">
         My Interviews
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/lost-age-high-knowledge.html">
         Lost Age Book Reviews
        </a>
       </li>
       <li>
        <a href="/contact-page.html">
         Contact
        </a>
       </li>
      </ul>
     </div>
     <!-- end: tool_blocks.navbar -->
     <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213572#navigation -->
     <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213688#bottom-of-nav-column -->
     <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213688#bottom-of-nav-column -->
    </div>
    <!-- end Liner -->
   </div>
   <!-- end NavColumn -->
   <div id="Footer">
    <div class="Liner">
     <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213502#above-bottom-nav -->
     <p>
      <span style="font-size: 16px;">
       
       <span style="font-style: normal;">
        Copyright 2015 - Keith M. Hunter.
        <span style="font-size: 14px;">
         Do NOT Reproduce Without Permission.
        </span>
       </span>
      </span>
      <span style="font-size: 16px;">
       <span style="font-style: normal;">
        <span style="font-size: 14px;">
         All Rights Reserved.
        </span>
       </span>
      </span>
     </p>
     <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213502#above-bottom-nav -->
     <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213508#bottom-navigation -->
     <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213508#bottom-navigation -->
     <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213478#below-bottom-nav -->
     <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213478#below-bottom-nav -->
     <!-- start: shared_blocks.5213504#footer -->
     <!-- end: shared_blocks.5213504#footer -->
    </div>
    <!-- end Liner -->
   </div>
   <!-- end Footer -->
  </div>
  <!-- end PageWrapper -->
  <script type="text/javascript">
   FIX.doEndOfBody();MOBILE.doEndOfBody();
  </script>
  <!-- start: tool_blocks.sbi_html_body_end -->
  <!-- end: tool_blocks.sbi_html_body_end -->
  <!-- Generated at 07:23:07 15-Apr-2015 -->
 </body>
</html>