<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<html>
 <head>
  <title>
   (Type a title for your page here)
  </title>
  <meta content="Arachnophilia 3.9" name="GENERATOR"/>
  <meta content="Arachnophilia 3.9" name="FORMATTER"/>
 </head>
 <body alink="#ff0000" background="" bgcolor="#ffffff" link="#0000ff" text="#000000" vlink="#800080">
  <center>
   <a href="../../index.html">
    <img alt="In Search of the Real University of Chicago" height="125" src="../../icon1.jpg" width="99"/>
   </a>
  </center>
  <b>
   <blockquote>
    <blockquote>
     <h3>
      MY GRADUATION SPEECH
     </h3>
     by Neil Postman
     <p>
      Having sat through two dozen or so graduation speeches, I have naturally
wondered why they are so often so bad. One reason, of course, is that the
speakers are chosen for their eminence in some field, and not because they
are either competent speakers or gifted writers. Another reason is that the
audience is eager to be done with all ceremony so that it can proceed to
some serious reveling. Thus any speech longer than, say, fifteen minutes
will seem tedious, if not entirely pointless. There are other reasons as
well, including the difficulty of saying something inspirational without
being banal. Here I try my hand at writing a graduation speech, and not
merely to discover if I can conquer the form. This is precisely what I
would like to say to young people if I had their attention for a few
minutes.
     </p>
     <p>
      If you think my graduation speech is good, I hereby grant you
permission to use it, without further approval from or credit to me, should
you be in an appropriate situation.
     </p>
     <hr width="70%"/>
     <p>
      Members of the faculty, parents, guests, and graduates, have no fear. I am
well aware that on a day of such high excitement, what you require, first
and foremost, of any speaker is brevity. I shall not fail you in this
respect. There are exactly eighty-five sentences in my speech, four of
which you have just heard. It will take me about twelve minutes to speak
all of them and I must tell you that such economy was not easy for me to
arrange, because I have chosen as my topic the complex subject of your
ancestors. Not, of course, your biological ancestors, about whom I know
nothing, but your spiritual ancestors, about whom I know a little. To be
specific, I want to tell you about two groups of people who lived many
years ago but whose influence is still with us. They were very different
from each other, representing opposite values and traditions. I think it is
appropriate for you to be reminded of them on this day because, sooner than
you know, you must align yourself with the spirit of one or the spirit of
the other.
     </p>
     <p>
      The first group lived about 2,500 years ago in the place which we
now call Greece, in a city they called Athens. We do not know as much about
their origins as we would like. But we do know a great deal about their
accomplishments. They were, for example, the first people to develop a
complete alphabet, and therefore they became the first truly literate
population on earth. They invented the idea of political democracy, which
they practiced with a vigor that puts us to shame. They invented what we
call philosophy. And they also invented what we call logic and rhetoric.
They came very close to inventing what we call science, and one of
them-Democritus by name-conceived of the atomic theory of matter 2,300
years before it occurred to any modern scientist. They composed and sang
epic poems of unsurpassed beauty and insight. And they wrote and performed
plays that, almost three millennia later, still have the power to make
audiences laugh and weep. They even invented what, today, we call the
Olympics, and among their values none stood higher than that in all things
one should strive for excellence. They believed in reason. They believed in
beauty. They believed in moderation. And they invented the word and the
idea which we know today as ecology.
     </p>
     <p>
      About 2,000 years ago, the vitality of their culture declined and
these people began to disappear. But not what they had created. Their
imagination, art, politics, literature, and language spread all over the
world so that, today, it is hardly possible to speak on any subject without
repeating what some Athenian said on the matter 2,500 years ago.
     </p>
     <p>
      The second group of people lived in the place we now call Germany,
and flourished about 1,700 years ago. We call them the Visigoths, and you
may remember that your sixth or seventh-grade teacher mentioned them. They
were spectacularly good horsemen, which is about the only pleasant thing
history can say of them. They were marauders-ruthless and brutal. Their
language lacked subtlety and depth. Their art was crude and even grotesque.
They swept down through Europe destroying everything in their path, and
they overran the Roman Empire. There was nothing a Visigoth liked better
than to burn a book, desecrate a building, or smash a work of art. From the
Visigoths, we have no poetry, no theater, no logic, no science, no humane
politics.
     </p>
     <p>
      Like the Athenians, the Visigoths also disappeared, but not before
they had ushered in the period known as the Dark Ages. It took Europe
almost a thousand years to recover from the Visigoths.
     </p>
     <p>
      Now, the point I want to make is that the Athenians and the
Visigoths still survive, and they do so through us and the ways in which we
conduct our lives. All around us-in this hall, in this community, in our
city-there are people whose way of looking at the world reflects the way of
the Athenians, and there are people whose way is the way of the Visigoths.
I do not mean, of course, that our modern-day Athenians roam abstractedly
through the streets reciting poetry and philosophy, or that the modern-day
Visigoths are killers. I mean that to be an Athenian or a Visigoth is to
organize your life around a set of values. An Athenian is an idea. And a
Visigoth is an idea. Let me tell you briefly what these ideas consist of.
     </p>
     <p>
      To be an Athenian is to hold knowledge and, especially the quest
for knowledge in high esteem. To contemplate, to reason, to experiment, to
question-these are, to an Athenian, the most exalted activities a person
can perform. To a Visigoth, the quest for knowledge is useless unless it
can help you to earn money or to gain power over other people.
     </p>
     <p>
      To be an Athenian is to cherish language because you believe it to
be humankind's most precious gift. In their use of language, Athenians
strive for grace, precision, and variety. And they admire those who can
achieve such skill. To a Visigoth, one word is as good as another, one
sentence in distinguishable from another. A Visigoth's language aspires to
nothing higher than the clich.
     </p>
     <p>
      To be an Athenian is to understand that the thread which holds
civilized society together is thin and vulnerable; therefore, Athenians
place great value on tradition, social restraint, and continuity. To an
Athenian, bad manners are acts of violence against the social order. The
modern Visigoth cares very little about any of this. The Visigoths think of
themselves as the center of the universe. Tradition exists for their own
convenience, good manners are an affectation and a burden, and history is
merely what is in yesterday's newspaper.
     </p>
     <p>
      To be an Athenian is to take an interest in public affairs and the
improvement of public behavior. Indeed, the ancient Athenians had a word
for people who did not. The word was idiotes, from which we get our word
"idiot." A modern Visigoth is interested only in his own affairs and has no
sense of the meaning of community.
     </p>
     <p>
      And, finally, to be an Athenian is to esteem the discipline, skill,
and taste that are required to produce enduring art. Therefore, in
approaching a work of art, Athenians prepare their imagination through
learning and experience. To a Visigoth, there is no measure of artistic
excellence except popularity. What catches the fancy of the multitude is
good. No other standard is respected or even acknowledged by the Visigoth.
     </p>
     <p>
      Now, it must be obvious what all of this has to do with you.
Eventually, like the rest of us, you must be on one side or the other. You
must be an Athenian or a Visigoth. Of course, it is much harder to be an
Athenian, for you must learn how to be one, you must work at being one,
whereas we are all, in a way, natural-born Visigoths. That is why there are
so many more Visigoths than Athenians. And I must tell you that you do not
become an Athenian merely by attending school or accumulating academic
degrees. My father-in-law was one of the most committed Athenians I have
ever known, and he spent his entire adult life working as a dress cutter on
Seventh Avenue in New York City. On the other hand, I know physicians,
lawyers, and engineers who are Visigoths of unmistakable persuasion. And I
must also tell you, as much in sorrow as in shame, that at some of our
great universities, perhaps even this one, there are professors of whom we
may fairly say they are closet Visigoths. And yet, you must not doubt for a
moment that a school, after all, is essentially an Athenian idea. There is
a direct link between the cultural achievements of Athens and what the
faculty at this university is all about. I have no difficulty imagining
that Plato, Aristotle, or Democritus would be quite at home in our class
rooms. A Visigoth would merely scrawl obscenities on the wall.
     </p>
     <p>
      And so, whether you were aware of it or not, the purpose of your
having been at this university was to give you a glimpse of the Athenian
way, to interest you in the Athenian way. We cannot know on this day how
many of you will choose that way and how many will not. You are young and
it is not given to us to see your future. But I will tell you this, with
which I will close: I can wish for you no higher compliment than that in
the future it will be reported that among your graduating class the
Athenians mightily outnumbered the Visigoths.
     </p>
     <p>
      Thank you, and congratulations.
     </p>
     <hr width="70%"/>
     <p>
      Neil Postman is a critic, writer, communications theorist, and professor of
communication arts and sciences at New York University. Educated at the
State University of New York and Columbia University, he holds the
Christian Lindback Award for Excellence in Teaching and in 1987 was given
the George Orwell Award for Clarity in Language by the National Council of
Teachers of English. He was for ten years editor of
      <i>
       Et Cetera
      </i>
      , the journal
of general semantics. His sixteen previous books include
      <i>
       Amusing Ourselves
to Death
      </i>
      ,
      <i>
       Teaching as a Subversive Activity
      </i>
      ,
      <i>
       The Soft Revolution
      </i>
      , and
      <i>
       The
Disappearance of Childhood
      </i>
      .
     </p>
     <p>
     </p>
     <p>
     </p>
     <center>
      <table border="5">
       <tr>
        <td>
         <b>
          Courtesy of Mortimer Adler's
          <a href="http://www.thegreatideas.org/">
           Center for the Study of Great Ideas
          </a>
         </b>
        </td>
       </tr>
      </table>
     </center>
    </blockquote>
   </blockquote>
  </b>
 </body>
</html>