<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
 <head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="content-type"/>
  <title>
   Dog Plushie Pattern - Silver Seams
  </title>
  <style type="text/css">
   @import url("http://www.silverseams.com/styles/default.css");
@import url("http://www.silverseams.com/styles/sunflower2.css");
  </style>
 </head>
 <body>
  <div id="headero">
   <h1 id="title">
    Dog Plushie Pattern
   </h1>
  </div>
  <div id="content">
   <div id="menu">
    <a href="/">
     home
    </a>
    |
    <a href="/karen/">
     me
    </a>
    |
    <a href="/blog/">
     blog
    </a>
    |
    <a href="/opensource/">
     patterns
    </a>
    |
    <a href="/gallery/">
     gallery
    </a>
   </div>
   <h1>
    Dog Plushie Pattern
   </h1>
   <p>
    See photographs of some results from this pattern in the
    <a href="http://www.silverseams.com/gallery/dog-plushie-gallery.html">
     gallery.
    </a>
   </p>
   <h3>
    Copyright/Licenses
   </h3>
   <p>
    Copyright 2002 Silver Seams.
   </p>
   <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/" rel="license">
    <img alt="Creative Commons License" src="http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/3.0/us/88x31.png" style="border-width:0"/>
   </a>
   <br/>
   This work is licensed under a
   <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/" rel="license">
    Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 United States License
   </a>
   .
   <br/>
   <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/us/" rel="license">
    <img alt="Creative Commons License" src="http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc/3.0/us/88x31.png" style="border-width:0"/>
   </a>
   <br/>
   This work is licensed under a
   <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/us/" rel="license">
    Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial 3.0 United States License
   </a>
   .
   <br/>
   <p>
    If you're not sure what that means, the
    <a href="index.html">
     Open Source Sewing index
    </a>
    has more details.
   </p>
   <h3>
    The Pattern
   </h3>
   <p>
    Unlike my newer patterns, this fellow comes with a seam allowance.  If you print these patterns out at 8x10", you
   </p>
   <p>
    <a href="http://images.silverseams.com/opensource/plushies/dogpattern1.jpg" title="Full-Size Pattern">
     <img alt="Basic Standing Dog Pattern 1" height="192" src="http://images.silverseams.com/opensource/plushies/dogpattern1_th.jpg" width="240"/>
    </a>
   </p>
   <p>
    Cut two of these (one reversed).
   </p>
   <p>
    <a href="http://images.silverseams.com/opensource/plushies/dogpattern2.jpg" title="Full-Size Pattern">
     <img alt="Basic Standing Dog Pattern 2" height="192" src="http://images.silverseams.com/opensource/plushies/dogpattern2_th.jpg" width="240"/>
    </a>
   </p>
   <p>
    Cut two of each of the legs (one reversed) and one of the underbody. Although there's a foldline, don't actually 
cut the fabric with it folded - trace half, flip the pattern on the foldline edge and trace the other half.  The fur 
pile should run toward the back (right to left).
   </p>
   <p>
    <a href="http://images.silverseams.com/opensource/plushies/bichonpattern.jpg" title="Full-Size Pattern">
     <img alt="Bichon Frise Pattern" height="192" src="http://images.silverseams.com/opensource/plushies/bichonpattern_th.jpg" width="240"/>
    </a>
   </p>
   <p>
    Cut two of each of these (one reversed) except the ear, of which cut four. If you're using a fluffy fabric, cut the 
two ear linings out of something else - calico, felt, satin, whatever you like ear-insides to be.
   </p>
   <p>
    If you're using a fluffy fabric, especially if you have a wider seam allowance, shave it now.  Be careful not to 
shave too far, or you'll have bald spots on the seams.  Shave inside the eye darts, too.
   </p>
   <p>
    Sew the tail pieces together, leaving the base end open.  Clip the inside of the curves and turn (a turning tool is 
useful here).  Stuff lightly.  Do the same with the ears, but don't stuff them.  Sew the eye darts (the marked line is 
the same line).
   </p>
   <p>
    Match the side seams on the head, RST, pinning the base of the ear into the seams, and sew.  Make sure the ears are 
symmetrical - they go about where the curve of the head back is sharpest.  You may choose to leave them out, and sew 
them on by hand later.
   </p>
   <p>
    Match the two head sides, RST, and sew them together.  Turn the head rightside-out.  If you're using safety 
eyes/nose, you can put them in now.
   </p>
   <p>
    Match the front legs with the underbody gusset, RST, pin and sew. Match one rear leg - the gusset will only go 
partway across the top of the leg, so stop 1/4" from the end of the gusset.  Match the other rear leg to the 
underbody+leg, matching the back top corners of the legs and making sure the front top corner is symmetrical with the 
first leg.
   </p>
   <p>
    Match the underbody piece with one body side, RST, and pin - begin with the paws, and work out to the front and 
back ends of the underbody.  Sew, then pin the other side, also matching the two body pieces along the dog's back. Pin 
the tail in the back seam, making sure it's aligned correctly (the tip should point toward the front of the dog).  Sew 
all the way around, leaving a turning opening in the dog's back, and remembering not to sew the neck closed!
   </p>
   <p>
    You should now have two pieces - the head (right side out) and the body (inside out).  Put the head inside the 
body, matching the neck seam (make sure the dog is facing the right direction - he can face sideways, but backwards is 
probably a bad idea), and sew all the way around.  Turn the body rightside out, stuff, and ladder-stitch the stuffing 
opening closed.
   </p>
   <p>
    Trim the fur around the face and paws as desired, embroider a mouth, and you're done!
   </p>
  </div>
 </body>
</html>