<!DOCTYPE html>
<html class="squarespace-damask" itemscope="" itemtype="http://schema.org/Article" lang="en-US" xmlns:article="http://ogp.me/ns/article" xmlns:fb="http://www.facebook.com/2008/fbml" xmlns:og="http://opengraphprotocol.org/schema/">
 <head>
  <meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" name="viewport"/>
  <!-- This is Squarespace. -->
  <!-- essentialdesign -->
  <base href=""/>
  <meta charset="utf-8"/>
  <title>
   Designing Health: Beyond The Electronic Medical Record  Essential Design Blog
  </title>
  <link href="/favicon.ico" rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon"/>
  <link href="http://blog.essential-design.com/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html" rel="canonical"/>
  <meta content="Essential Design Blog" property="og:site_name"/>
  <meta content="Designing Health: Beyond The Electronic Medical Record" property="og:title"/>
  <meta content="http://blog.essential-design.com/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html" property="og:url"/>
  <meta content="article" property="og:type"/>
  <meta content="I recently attended HxRefactored, a healthcare conference aiming to bring 
designers and developers together to improve the health experience. The 
conference, held in Brooklyn, NY, indeed pulled quite a crowd and surfaced 
some interesting perspectives. It consisted primarily of talks, workshops, 
and panel discussions pertaining to development or design within the 
context of the health experience. I attended a dozen talks examining topics 
ranging from design research techniques (i.e. journey mapping, persona 
development, use scenarios) toonline pornography, Ill explain in a 
minute. Id like to share some of my takeaways as well as extend the 
discussion. The current state of the health experience is fragmented and 
limited in scope- failing to connect disparate sources of data into one 
cohesive system that paints a clear picture for individuals and society as 
a whole. 

Back to online porn, Cindy Gallop, of TED fame, created the website 
makelovenotporn.com (landing page is SFW). The site, which is not 
anti-porn, serves to educate the public about the differences between porn 
and real world sex. It does so through user generated content that is 
indeed real. What made Gallops talk relevant in a comparatively sterile 
health/design conference was just that- healthcare solutions in the past, 
have been sterilized and hard to relate to due to a lack of human emotion 
and holistic understanding. For example, Gallop explained that in order to 
really influence something, you need to change the language around it. 
That has certainly started to happen in the health world- although there 
are some parts of the industry that seem stuck in the past, specifically 
Electronic Medical Records (EMR).

In the current world of healthcare software solutions, EMR attract an 
incredible amount of mindshare and resources- EMR seemed to dominate the 
conference, perhaps because they are and have been the status quo for so 
long. What is an EMR? At the core, this is the software that some doctors 
furiously type into when you go in for a visit, attempting to document 
everything. In the past, medical records were paper-based files that 
detailed your hospital visits (or encounters in EMR language, friendly 
right?) prescriptions, injuries, conditions, etc. There has been an immense 
amount of academic and commercial study of EMRs in an effort to assess and 
improve upon them (notably, David, G. 2012)- Ill add only a little to the 
pile, focusing more on opportunities and examples that look at how design 
has already helped the evolution of the health experience. EMR systems are 
just the beginning.

1. EMR &amp; Information overload

EMR vendors seem to be stuck in a strange position where they dont want to 
get caught not having a certain piece of information available in their 
software (even with so many third party EMR customization vendors). The 
result is information overload for the person entering data into the EMR 
during a visit (i.e. your doctor). This has numerous negative impacts.

- Incredibly high information density, which works for some people in 
certain contexts, demands the doctors full attention. This means decreased 
attention on you, the patient (i.e. Eye contact, emotional understanding, 
support)

- Increased time needed for input. Doctors are busy. Every minute spent on 
an EMR related task is a minute not spent on actual patient care. Combine 
this with the already tight time constraints doctors face.

- Ethnographic design research (such as David, G. 2009 Discovering Work 
Through Ethnography) has been leveraged to help understand the reality of 
the entire context in which EMR data is collected, stored, and used. This 
has helped gain insight into the true needs and desires of the various 
stakeholders, without having such a negative impact on the actual health 
experience- needless to say, continuous field research is needed, 
especially efforts that take a step back to examine the health experience 
as a whole, and take into account new sources of data generation that are 
being created.

2. Not enough of the right information

The nitty-gritty details that make up our lives (and health) dont fit 
neatly into the empty text fields of a clunky computer system. Information 
collected in EMR is not telling the whole story- it fails to connect the 
dots that fall outside of encounters. This is not an invitation for more 
text fields. Systems could integrate data from both existing and new 
methods of data collection that is more relevant, timely, accurate, and 
actionable (think outside the hospital i.e. wearables and other examples in 
#5 below). When data from disparate sources is pulled together, it will be 
easier to spot patterns in the population (i.e. through machine learning), 
leading to new health insights. The aforementioned advances combined with 
human doctors and researchers will revolutionize our health.

3. Poor (or no) visual representation of health data

One fantastic speaker at the HxRefactored conference, Stephen P. Anderson (
www.poetpainter.com), spoke of designing for understanding. He visually 
explained how effective visualizations can vastly improve our comprehension 
of data. Yet most EMR interfaces still look like theyre stuck in the 
mid-90s. Visualizations are useful not only for displaying data, but also 
for entering and manipulating data (think sliders, interactivity).

4. Limited visibility into my data -&gt; less ownership

The data contained in your EMR is all about you, yet, have you seen yours? 
Sure it is available upon request, but why isnt your health information 
streamed directly to you in real-time? Why isnt it easily available to 
you? If you visit the doctors office and are diagnosed with something, 
rather than a rack of paper pamphlets in the waiting area, health data and 
preventative/corrective actions could be made more customized and relevant 
to you, so that you can act on it. 

5. New Technologies: HealthTech/DigitalHealth/mHealth

Ive already touched upon future technologies, below are some specific 
examples of products that are mostly available today. The future of the 
health experience exists in concepts such as user generated healthcare, 
lifestyle based intervention, and predictive medicine. These new 
opportunity spaces are made possible by advances in [often mobile] 
technology, and fueled by the desire for an understandable, realistic, 
affordable, and actionable perspective on ones own health. The examples 
Ive selected will by no means instantly make the world healthier, but just 
may help act as scaffolding for future growth and awareness of our health. 


Cue $150 (cue.me)

Cue is a deep health tracker that uses lab grade tissue processing to 
provide you with a detailed look at your health (i.e. testosterone level, 
inflammation, fertility, influenza, and vitamin D). The companion 
smartphone app tracks these variables over time and provides suggestions on 
how to correct your levels. Never before has such technology existed for 
home use.



Wello $199 (azoi.com)

Its more than an iPhone case, its a powerful health monitoring device 
that uses imbedded sensors (in an iPhone case) to deliver a snapshot of 
your health. It measures your heart rate, blood pressure, blood oxygen 
level, respiration, stress level, heart activity, and temperature. It gives 
you affordable access to data that used to require expensive equipment- and 
most importantly you carry it with you wherever you go.



uChek $99 (biosense.in/uchek)

Uses your iPhones camera and flash to analyze urine analysis test strips 
at home. The companion app helps you track levels of various chemical and 
vitamin levels in your body (i.e. Bilirubin, Ketone, pH, Protein, 
Urobilinogen, Nitrite, and Leukocytes) it also helps you make sense of what 
the key indicators mean so that you can make smart adjustments to your 
lifestyle/diet.



Wearable fitness monitors from fitbit, Basis, Jawbone etc. $59-$199

These have been around in one form or another for years, but the price, 
functionality, and acceptability is now more in-line with the mainstream 
expectations. Awareness of what these devices can do has continued to 
improve- and new offerings with advanced features are sprouting up.

Neuma $1,500 (neumitra.com)

Neumitra (one of the aforementioned advanced offerings) is a stress 
management data analytics startup that offers a unique personal stress 
monitoring and management service. Using embedded sensors, Neuma provides 
real-time, in the moment, stress feedback. Essentialworked to create a 
low-profile, wrist-worn sensor that monitors the users relative stress 
level to provide visual and tactile feedback while worn, and more detailed 
visualizations through the users mobile device. Integrated calendars and 
location services allow users to understand event and location based 
stressors to further their understanding and stress management 
effectiveness.



WellDoc (WellDoc.com)

WellDoc is a diabetes monitoring and education system that operates outside 
the clinical setting. Essentialsresearch with physicians and patients 
enabled WellDoc to create smart Web and mobile tools that coach diabetes 
patients to improved clinical outcomes and serve as a model for other 
chronic diseases.



MeYou Health (meyouhealth.com)

MeYou Health is a healthcare start-up created by Healthways to engage, 
educate, and empower people to pursue healthy lifestyles. Through multiple 
engagements, Essentialhas helped MeYou Health and Healthways form early 
perspectives and user experience strategy in areas core to their mission. 
Essential used the process of participatory research to explore the ways in 
which potential customers define well-being, connect well-being and social 
networks, and physically map their interpersonal interactions, motivations, 
and barriers relating to wellness. From these rich activities we identified 
patterns that helped frame a user-driven product development strategy for 
using game and social network dynamics as motivation for people to achieve 
lasting health and wellness-promoting behavior change.


iRobot RP-VITA (irobot.com)

iRobot and InTouch Health partnered to create a revolutionary new 
telepresence robot that extends the reach of physicians and nurses 
everywhere. Essential gave RP-VITA its human touch through the integrated 
design of a remote control app, onboard interface and industrial design, 
putting the patient/caregiver connection at the forefront of every design 
decision.

Apple HealthKit&amp; Samsungs Digital Health Initiative

Apple announced a connected health platform, called HealthKit, that brings 
together data from the growing array of connected health devices into one 
place on your iOS device, which may unlock the power of Apples ecosystem 
to millions of customers (the way that only Apple seems to be able to do). 
Rival Samsung, also jumped onboard with its own Digital Health Initiative 
aiming to fund health software programs with an initial $50 million fund. 
Samsung combined that arm of their initiative with a hardware based health 
tracking platform, called SAMI, to keep tabs on your body at all times. 
With such large players aligning resources behind the new health 
experience, it seems that things are about to get a lot more 
interesting..." property="og:description"/>
  <meta content="Designing Health: Beyond The Electronic Medical Record" itemprop="name"/>
  <meta content="http://blog.essential-design.com/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html" itemprop="url"/>
  <meta content="I recently attended HxRefactored, a healthcare conference aiming to bring 
designers and developers together to improve the health experience. The 
conference, held in Brooklyn, NY, indeed pulled quite a crowd and surfaced 
some interesting perspectives. It consisted primarily of talks, workshops, 
and panel discussions pertaining to development or design within the 
context of the health experience. I attended a dozen talks examining topics 
ranging from design research techniques (i.e. journey mapping, persona 
development, use scenarios) toonline pornography, Ill explain in a 
minute. Id like to share some of my takeaways as well as extend the 
discussion. The current state of the health experience is fragmented and 
limited in scope- failing to connect disparate sources of data into one 
cohesive system that paints a clear picture for individuals and society as 
a whole. 

Back to online porn, Cindy Gallop, of TED fame, created the website 
makelovenotporn.com (landing page is SFW). The site, which is not 
anti-porn, serves to educate the public about the differences between porn 
and real world sex. It does so through user generated content that is 
indeed real. What made Gallops talk relevant in a comparatively sterile 
health/design conference was just that- healthcare solutions in the past, 
have been sterilized and hard to relate to due to a lack of human emotion 
and holistic understanding. For example, Gallop explained that in order to 
really influence something, you need to change the language around it. 
That has certainly started to happen in the health world- although there 
are some parts of the industry that seem stuck in the past, specifically 
Electronic Medical Records (EMR).

In the current world of healthcare software solutions, EMR attract an 
incredible amount of mindshare and resources- EMR seemed to dominate the 
conference, perhaps because they are and have been the status quo for so 
long. What is an EMR? At the core, this is the software that some doctors 
furiously type into when you go in for a visit, attempting to document 
everything. In the past, medical records were paper-based files that 
detailed your hospital visits (or encounters in EMR language, friendly 
right?) prescriptions, injuries, conditions, etc. There has been an immense 
amount of academic and commercial study of EMRs in an effort to assess and 
improve upon them (notably, David, G. 2012)- Ill add only a little to the 
pile, focusing more on opportunities and examples that look at how design 
has already helped the evolution of the health experience. EMR systems are 
just the beginning.

1. EMR &amp; Information overload

EMR vendors seem to be stuck in a strange position where they dont want to 
get caught not having a certain piece of information available in their 
software (even with so many third party EMR customization vendors). The 
result is information overload for the person entering data into the EMR 
during a visit (i.e. your doctor). This has numerous negative impacts.

- Incredibly high information density, which works for some people in 
certain contexts, demands the doctors full attention. This means decreased 
attention on you, the patient (i.e. Eye contact, emotional understanding, 
support)

- Increased time needed for input. Doctors are busy. Every minute spent on 
an EMR related task is a minute not spent on actual patient care. Combine 
this with the already tight time constraints doctors face.

- Ethnographic design research (such as David, G. 2009 Discovering Work 
Through Ethnography) has been leveraged to help understand the reality of 
the entire context in which EMR data is collected, stored, and used. This 
has helped gain insight into the true needs and desires of the various 
stakeholders, without having such a negative impact on the actual health 
experience- needless to say, continuous field research is needed, 
especially efforts that take a step back to examine the health experience 
as a whole, and take into account new sources of data generation that are 
being created.

2. Not enough of the right information

The nitty-gritty details that make up our lives (and health) dont fit 
neatly into the empty text fields of a clunky computer system. Information 
collected in EMR is not telling the whole story- it fails to connect the 
dots that fall outside of encounters. This is not an invitation for more 
text fields. Systems could integrate data from both existing and new 
methods of data collection that is more relevant, timely, accurate, and 
actionable (think outside the hospital i.e. wearables and other examples in 
#5 below). When data from disparate sources is pulled together, it will be 
easier to spot patterns in the population (i.e. through machine learning), 
leading to new health insights. The aforementioned advances combined with 
human doctors and researchers will revolutionize our health.

3. Poor (or no) visual representation of health data

One fantastic speaker at the HxRefactored conference, Stephen P. Anderson (
www.poetpainter.com), spoke of designing for understanding. He visually 
explained how effective visualizations can vastly improve our comprehension 
of data. Yet most EMR interfaces still look like theyre stuck in the 
mid-90s. Visualizations are useful not only for displaying data, but also 
for entering and manipulating data (think sliders, interactivity).

4. Limited visibility into my data -&gt; less ownership

The data contained in your EMR is all about you, yet, have you seen yours? 
Sure it is available upon request, but why isnt your health information 
streamed directly to you in real-time? Why isnt it easily available to 
you? If you visit the doctors office and are diagnosed with something, 
rather than a rack of paper pamphlets in the waiting area, health data and 
preventative/corrective actions could be made more customized and relevant 
to you, so that you can act on it. 

5. New Technologies: HealthTech/DigitalHealth/mHealth

Ive already touched upon future technologies, below are some specific 
examples of products that are mostly available today. The future of the 
health experience exists in concepts such as user generated healthcare, 
lifestyle based intervention, and predictive medicine. These new 
opportunity spaces are made possible by advances in [often mobile] 
technology, and fueled by the desire for an understandable, realistic, 
affordable, and actionable perspective on ones own health. The examples 
Ive selected will by no means instantly make the world healthier, but just 
may help act as scaffolding for future growth and awareness of our health. 


Cue $150 (cue.me)

Cue is a deep health tracker that uses lab grade tissue processing to 
provide you with a detailed look at your health (i.e. testosterone level, 
inflammation, fertility, influenza, and vitamin D). The companion 
smartphone app tracks these variables over time and provides suggestions on 
how to correct your levels. Never before has such technology existed for 
home use.



Wello $199 (azoi.com)

Its more than an iPhone case, its a powerful health monitoring device 
that uses imbedded sensors (in an iPhone case) to deliver a snapshot of 
your health. It measures your heart rate, blood pressure, blood oxygen 
level, respiration, stress level, heart activity, and temperature. It gives 
you affordable access to data that used to require expensive equipment- and 
most importantly you carry it with you wherever you go.



uChek $99 (biosense.in/uchek)

Uses your iPhones camera and flash to analyze urine analysis test strips 
at home. The companion app helps you track levels of various chemical and 
vitamin levels in your body (i.e. Bilirubin, Ketone, pH, Protein, 
Urobilinogen, Nitrite, and Leukocytes) it also helps you make sense of what 
the key indicators mean so that you can make smart adjustments to your 
lifestyle/diet.



Wearable fitness monitors from fitbit, Basis, Jawbone etc. $59-$199

These have been around in one form or another for years, but the price, 
functionality, and acceptability is now more in-line with the mainstream 
expectations. Awareness of what these devices can do has continued to 
improve- and new offerings with advanced features are sprouting up.

Neuma $1,500 (neumitra.com)

Neumitra (one of the aforementioned advanced offerings) is a stress 
management data analytics startup that offers a unique personal stress 
monitoring and management service. Using embedded sensors, Neuma provides 
real-time, in the moment, stress feedback. Essentialworked to create a 
low-profile, wrist-worn sensor that monitors the users relative stress 
level to provide visual and tactile feedback while worn, and more detailed 
visualizations through the users mobile device. Integrated calendars and 
location services allow users to understand event and location based 
stressors to further their understanding and stress management 
effectiveness.



WellDoc (WellDoc.com)

WellDoc is a diabetes monitoring and education system that operates outside 
the clinical setting. Essentialsresearch with physicians and patients 
enabled WellDoc to create smart Web and mobile tools that coach diabetes 
patients to improved clinical outcomes and serve as a model for other 
chronic diseases.



MeYou Health (meyouhealth.com)

MeYou Health is a healthcare start-up created by Healthways to engage, 
educate, and empower people to pursue healthy lifestyles. Through multiple 
engagements, Essentialhas helped MeYou Health and Healthways form early 
perspectives and user experience strategy in areas core to their mission. 
Essential used the process of participatory research to explore the ways in 
which potential customers define well-being, connect well-being and social 
networks, and physically map their interpersonal interactions, motivations, 
and barriers relating to wellness. From these rich activities we identified 
patterns that helped frame a user-driven product development strategy for 
using game and social network dynamics as motivation for people to achieve 
lasting health and wellness-promoting behavior change.


iRobot RP-VITA (irobot.com)

iRobot and InTouch Health partnered to create a revolutionary new 
telepresence robot that extends the reach of physicians and nurses 
everywhere. Essential gave RP-VITA its human touch through the integrated 
design of a remote control app, onboard interface and industrial design, 
putting the patient/caregiver connection at the forefront of every design 
decision.

Apple HealthKit&amp; Samsungs Digital Health Initiative

Apple announced a connected health platform, called HealthKit, that brings 
together data from the growing array of connected health devices into one 
place on your iOS device, which may unlock the power of Apples ecosystem 
to millions of customers (the way that only Apple seems to be able to do). 
Rival Samsung, also jumped onboard with its own Digital Health Initiative 
aiming to fund health software programs with an initial $50 million fund. 
Samsung combined that arm of their initiative with a hardware based health 
tracking platform, called SAMI, to keep tabs on your body at all times. 
With such large players aligning resources behind the new health 
experience, it seems that things are about to get a lot more 
interesting..." itemprop="description"/>
  <meta content="Designing Health: Beyond The Electronic Medical Record" name="twitter:title"/>
  <meta content="http://blog.essential-design.com/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html" name="twitter:url"/>
  <meta content="summary" name="twitter:card"/>
  <meta content="I recently attended HxRefactored, a healthcare conference aiming to bring 
designers and developers together to improve the health experience. The 
conference, held in Brooklyn, NY, indeed pulled quite a crowd and surfaced 
some interesting perspectives. It consisted primarily of talks, workshops, 
and panel discussions pertaining to development or design within the 
context of the health experience. I attended a dozen talks examining topics 
ranging from design research techniques (i.e. journey mapping, persona 
development, use scenarios) toonline pornography, Ill explain in a 
minute. Id like to share some of my takeaways as well as extend the 
discussion. The current state of the health experience is fragmented and 
limited in scope- failing to connect disparate sources of data into one 
cohesive system that paints a clear picture for individuals and society as 
a whole. 

Back to online porn, Cindy Gallop, of TED fame, created the website 
makelovenotporn.com (landing page is SFW). The site, which is not 
anti-porn, serves to educate the public about the differences between porn 
and real world sex. It does so through user generated content that is 
indeed real. What made Gallops talk relevant in a comparatively sterile 
health/design conference was just that- healthcare solutions in the past, 
have been sterilized and hard to relate to due to a lack of human emotion 
and holistic understanding. For example, Gallop explained that in order to 
really influence something, you need to change the language around it. 
That has certainly started to happen in the health world- although there 
are some parts of the industry that seem stuck in the past, specifically 
Electronic Medical Records (EMR).

In the current world of healthcare software solutions, EMR attract an 
incredible amount of mindshare and resources- EMR seemed to dominate the 
conference, perhaps because they are and have been the status quo for so 
long. What is an EMR? At the core, this is the software that some doctors 
furiously type into when you go in for a visit, attempting to document 
everything. In the past, medical records were paper-based files that 
detailed your hospital visits (or encounters in EMR language, friendly 
right?) prescriptions, injuries, conditions, etc. There has been an immense 
amount of academic and commercial study of EMRs in an effort to assess and 
improve upon them (notably, David, G. 2012)- Ill add only a little to the 
pile, focusing more on opportunities and examples that look at how design 
has already helped the evolution of the health experience. EMR systems are 
just the beginning.

1. EMR &amp; Information overload

EMR vendors seem to be stuck in a strange position where they dont want to 
get caught not having a certain piece of information available in their 
software (even with so many third party EMR customization vendors). The 
result is information overload for the person entering data into the EMR 
during a visit (i.e. your doctor). This has numerous negative impacts.

- Incredibly high information density, which works for some people in 
certain contexts, demands the doctors full attention. This means decreased 
attention on you, the patient (i.e. Eye contact, emotional understanding, 
support)

- Increased time needed for input. Doctors are busy. Every minute spent on 
an EMR related task is a minute not spent on actual patient care. Combine 
this with the already tight time constraints doctors face.

- Ethnographic design research (such as David, G. 2009 Discovering Work 
Through Ethnography) has been leveraged to help understand the reality of 
the entire context in which EMR data is collected, stored, and used. This 
has helped gain insight into the true needs and desires of the various 
stakeholders, without having such a negative impact on the actual health 
experience- needless to say, continuous field research is needed, 
especially efforts that take a step back to examine the health experience 
as a whole, and take into account new sources of data generation that are 
being created.

2. Not enough of the right information

The nitty-gritty details that make up our lives (and health) dont fit 
neatly into the empty text fields of a clunky computer system. Information 
collected in EMR is not telling the whole story- it fails to connect the 
dots that fall outside of encounters. This is not an invitation for more 
text fields. Systems could integrate data from both existing and new 
methods of data collection that is more relevant, timely, accurate, and 
actionable (think outside the hospital i.e. wearables and other examples in 
#5 below). When data from disparate sources is pulled together, it will be 
easier to spot patterns in the population (i.e. through machine learning), 
leading to new health insights. The aforementioned advances combined with 
human doctors and researchers will revolutionize our health.

3. Poor (or no) visual representation of health data

One fantastic speaker at the HxRefactored conference, Stephen P. Anderson (
www.poetpainter.com), spoke of designing for understanding. He visually 
explained how effective visualizations can vastly improve our comprehension 
of data. Yet most EMR interfaces still look like theyre stuck in the 
mid-90s. Visualizations are useful not only for displaying data, but also 
for entering and manipulating data (think sliders, interactivity).

4. Limited visibility into my data -&gt; less ownership

The data contained in your EMR is all about you, yet, have you seen yours? 
Sure it is available upon request, but why isnt your health information 
streamed directly to you in real-time? Why isnt it easily available to 
you? If you visit the doctors office and are diagnosed with something, 
rather than a rack of paper pamphlets in the waiting area, health data and 
preventative/corrective actions could be made more customized and relevant 
to you, so that you can act on it. 

5. New Technologies: HealthTech/DigitalHealth/mHealth

Ive already touched upon future technologies, below are some specific 
examples of products that are mostly available today. The future of the 
health experience exists in concepts such as user generated healthcare, 
lifestyle based intervention, and predictive medicine. These new 
opportunity spaces are made possible by advances in [often mobile] 
technology, and fueled by the desire for an understandable, realistic, 
affordable, and actionable perspective on ones own health. The examples 
Ive selected will by no means instantly make the world healthier, but just 
may help act as scaffolding for future growth and awareness of our health. 


Cue $150 (cue.me)

Cue is a deep health tracker that uses lab grade tissue processing to 
provide you with a detailed look at your health (i.e. testosterone level, 
inflammation, fertility, influenza, and vitamin D). The companion 
smartphone app tracks these variables over time and provides suggestions on 
how to correct your levels. Never before has such technology existed for 
home use.



Wello $199 (azoi.com)

Its more than an iPhone case, its a powerful health monitoring device 
that uses imbedded sensors (in an iPhone case) to deliver a snapshot of 
your health. It measures your heart rate, blood pressure, blood oxygen 
level, respiration, stress level, heart activity, and temperature. It gives 
you affordable access to data that used to require expensive equipment- and 
most importantly you carry it with you wherever you go.



uChek $99 (biosense.in/uchek)

Uses your iPhones camera and flash to analyze urine analysis test strips 
at home. The companion app helps you track levels of various chemical and 
vitamin levels in your body (i.e. Bilirubin, Ketone, pH, Protein, 
Urobilinogen, Nitrite, and Leukocytes) it also helps you make sense of what 
the key indicators mean so that you can make smart adjustments to your 
lifestyle/diet.



Wearable fitness monitors from fitbit, Basis, Jawbone etc. $59-$199

These have been around in one form or another for years, but the price, 
functionality, and acceptability is now more in-line with the mainstream 
expectations. Awareness of what these devices can do has continued to 
improve- and new offerings with advanced features are sprouting up.

Neuma $1,500 (neumitra.com)

Neumitra (one of the aforementioned advanced offerings) is a stress 
management data analytics startup that offers a unique personal stress 
monitoring and management service. Using embedded sensors, Neuma provides 
real-time, in the moment, stress feedback. Essentialworked to create a 
low-profile, wrist-worn sensor that monitors the users relative stress 
level to provide visual and tactile feedback while worn, and more detailed 
visualizations through the users mobile device. Integrated calendars and 
location services allow users to understand event and location based 
stressors to further their understanding and stress management 
effectiveness.



WellDoc (WellDoc.com)

WellDoc is a diabetes monitoring and education system that operates outside 
the clinical setting. Essentialsresearch with physicians and patients 
enabled WellDoc to create smart Web and mobile tools that coach diabetes 
patients to improved clinical outcomes and serve as a model for other 
chronic diseases.



MeYou Health (meyouhealth.com)

MeYou Health is a healthcare start-up created by Healthways to engage, 
educate, and empower people to pursue healthy lifestyles. Through multiple 
engagements, Essentialhas helped MeYou Health and Healthways form early 
perspectives and user experience strategy in areas core to their mission. 
Essential used the process of participatory research to explore the ways in 
which potential customers define well-being, connect well-being and social 
networks, and physically map their interpersonal interactions, motivations, 
and barriers relating to wellness. From these rich activities we identified 
patterns that helped frame a user-driven product development strategy for 
using game and social network dynamics as motivation for people to achieve 
lasting health and wellness-promoting behavior change.


iRobot RP-VITA (irobot.com)

iRobot and InTouch Health partnered to create a revolutionary new 
telepresence robot that extends the reach of physicians and nurses 
everywhere. Essential gave RP-VITA its human touch through the integrated 
design of a remote control app, onboard interface and industrial design, 
putting the patient/caregiver connection at the forefront of every design 
decision.

Apple HealthKit&amp; Samsungs Digital Health Initiative

Apple announced a connected health platform, called HealthKit, that brings 
together data from the growing array of connected health devices into one 
place on your iOS device, which may unlock the power of Apples ecosystem 
to millions of customers (the way that only Apple seems to be able to do). 
Rival Samsung, also jumped onboard with its own Digital Health Initiative 
aiming to fund health software programs with an initial $50 million fund. 
Samsung combined that arm of their initiative with a hardware based health 
tracking platform, called SAMI, to keep tabs on your body at all times. 
With such large players aligning resources behind the new health 
experience, it seems that things are about to get a lot more 
interesting..." name="twitter:description"/>
  <meta content="" name="description"/>
  <script type="text/javascript">
   SQUARESPACE_ROLLUPS = {};
  </script>
  <script>
   (function(rollups, name) { if (!rollups[name]) { rollups[name] = {}; } rollups[name].js = ["//static.squarespace.com/universal/scripts-compressed/common-f740f1aba1972de32f4b-min.js"]; })(SQUARESPACE_ROLLUPS, 'squarespace-common');
  </script>
  <script>
   (function(rollups, name) { if (!rollups[name]) { rollups[name] = {}; } rollups[name].js = ["//static.squarespace.com/universal/scripts-compressed/commerce-d248de6417dce35b2556-min.js"]; })(SQUARESPACE_ROLLUPS, 'squarespace-commerce');
  </script>
  <script>
   (function(rollups, name) { if (!rollups[name]) { rollups[name] = {}; } rollups[name].css = ["//static.squarespace.com/universal/styles-compressed/commerce-7adb43fa211d452cd060c240625da2bc-min.css"]; })(SQUARESPACE_ROLLUPS, 'squarespace-commerce');
  </script>
  <script data-sqs-type="dynamic-assets-loader" type="text/javascript">
   (function() {(function(a){function d(a){-1!==a.indexOf(".js")?document.write('&lt;script type="text/javascript" src="'+a+'"&gt;\x3c/script&gt;'):document.write('&lt;link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="'+a+'" /&gt;')}try{if(window.top!=window&amp;&amp;window.top.Squarespace&amp;&amp;window.top.Squarespace.frameAvailable){window.top.Squarespace.frameAvailable(window,SQUARESPACE_ROLLUPS);return}}catch(e){console.error(e)}for(var c in a){if(a[c].js)for(var b=0;b&lt;a[c].js.length;b++)d(a[c].js[b]);if(a[c].css)for(b=0;b&lt;a[c].css.length;b++)d(a[c].css[b])}})(SQUARESPACE_ROLLUPS);
})();
  </script>
  <script data-sqs-type="imageloader" type="text/javascript">
   (function() {var SQUARESPACE_SIZES=[2500,1500,1E3,750,500,300,100],IMAGE_LOADING_CLASS="loading",ImageLoader=new function(){this.load=function(a,b){function c(a,b,c){var d=new Image;d.onload=b;d.onerror=c;d.src=a}a.getDOMNode&amp;&amp;(a=a.getDOMNode());var d=this._getDataFromNode(a,b),e=!(!d.dimensions||!d.dimensions.width||!d.dimensions.height),l=d.load+"";if("false"===l)return!1;var g=d.mode;if(e&amp;&amp;("fit"==g||"fill"==g)){g=a.parentNode;if(!g)return console.error("Not doing anything, parentNode not found."),!1;if(!this.refresh(a,
b,g))return!1}var n=this._intendToLoad(a,d);if("string"==typeof n&amp;&amp;"viewport"!==l){var m=this.getUrl(n,d),d=a.getAttribute("data-image-resolution");a.getAttribute("src")!==m&amp;&amp;this.isValidResolution(n,d)&amp;&amp;(a.onload=function(){a.className=a.className.replace(IMAGE_LOADING_CLASS," ").trim();a.setAttribute("data-image-resolution",n)},!a.getAttribute("src")&amp;&amp;-1===a.className.indexOf(IMAGE_LOADING_CLASS)&amp;&amp;(a.className+=(a.className?" ":"")+IMAGE_LOADING_CLASS),!a.getAttribute("src")&amp;&amp;e?a.setAttribute("src",
m):c(m,function(){e?a.setAttribute("src",m):(a.setAttribute("data-image-dimensions",this.width+"x"+this.height),ImageLoader.load(a,b))},function(){a.className=a.className.replace(IMAGE_LOADING_CLASS," ").trim();a.setAttribute("src",m)}));return!0}return n};this.refresh=function(a,b,c){a.getDOMNode&amp;&amp;(a=a.getDOMNode());c&amp;&amp;c.getDOMNode&amp;&amp;(c=c.getDOMNode());c=c||a.parentNode;if(!c)return console.error("Not doing anything, parentNode not found."),!1;var d=this._getDataFromNode(a,b),e=c.offsetWidth,l=c.offsetHeight;
b=d.mode;if("none"!=b){var g=d.dimensions.width,n=d.dimensions.height,m=g/n,q=e/l;if(d.fixedRatio)"fill"==b&amp;&amp;q&gt;m||"fit"==b&amp;&amp;q&lt;m?(h=100,k=100*(q/m),r=(100-k)*d.focalPoint.y,p=0):(h=100*(m/q),k=100,r=0,p=(100-h)*d.focalPoint.x),a.style.top=r+"%",a.style.left=p+"%",a.style.width=h+"%",a.style.height=k+"%";else{var f;"fill"===b?f=m&gt;q?l/n:e/g:"fit"===b&amp;&amp;(f=m&lt;q?l/n:e/g);!d.stretch&amp;&amp;"fit"==b&amp;&amp;1&lt;f&amp;&amp;(f=1);var h=Math.ceil(g*f),k=Math.ceil(n*f);if(0===h||0===k)return!1;var p,r;"fill"===b?(p=Math.min(Math.max(e/
2-h*d.focalPoint.x,e-h),0),r=Math.min(Math.max(l/2-k*d.focalPoint.y,l-k),0)):"fit"===b&amp;&amp;(f=d.fitAlignment,p=f.left?0:f.right?e-h:h&lt;e?(e-h)/2:0,r=f.top?0:f.bottom?l-k:k&lt;l?(l-k)/2:0,"inline"==this._getStyle(a,"display")&amp;&amp;(a.style.fontSize="0px"),this._resetAlt(a,function(){h-=a.offsetHeight-a.clientHeight;k-=a.offsetWidth-a.clientWidth}));a.style.top=Math.ceil(r)+"px";a.style.left=Math.ceil(p)+"px";a.style.width=Math.ceil(h)+"px";a.style.height=Math.ceil(k)+"px"}p=this._getStyle(c,"position");a.style.position=
"relative"==p?"absolute":"relative";if("fill"==b&amp;&amp;(b=this._getStyle(c,"overflow"),!b||"hidden"!=b))c.style.overflow="hidden";return!0}};this._intendToLoad=function(a,b){function c(c,d){"none"===b.mode&amp;&amp;(a.style.width=null,a.style.height=null);var e=parseFloat(a.getAttribute(c)),f=parseFloat(e);if(!f||isNaN(f))e=g._getStyle(a,c),f=parseFloat(e);if(!f||isNaN(f))e=g._getStyle(a,"max-"+c,"max"+(c.substr(0,1).toUpperCase()+c.substr(1))),f=parseFloat(e);if(0===d||e)switch(g._stringType(e)){case "percentage":d=
parseInt(e,10)/100*l["offset"+c.substr(0,1).toUpperCase()+c.substr(1)];break;case "number":d=parseInt(e,10)}!f&amp;&amp;0!==d&amp;&amp;!a.getAttribute("src")&amp;&amp;(d=0);return d}b=b||this._getDataFromNode(a);if(!b.source)return!1;var d=a.offsetWidth,e=a.offsetHeight,l=a.parentNode,g=this;this._resetAlt(a,function(){d=c("width",d);e=c("height",e)});0===d&amp;&amp;0===e?(d=b.dimensions.width,e=b.dimensions.height):0===d?d=this.getDimensionForValue("width",e,b):0===e&amp;&amp;(e=this.getDimensionForValue("height",d,b));"viewport"===b.load&amp;&amp;
(a.style.width=Math.floor(d)+"px",a.style.height=Math.floor(e)+"px");return this.getSquarespaceSize(d,e,b)};this._getDataFromNode=function(a,b){b=b||{};var c={focalPoint:{x:0.5,y:0.5},dimensions:{width:null,height:null},mode:"none",fitAlignment:{center:!0},load:"true",stretch:!0,fixedRatio:!1};if(b.focalPoint)c.focalPoint=b.focalPoint;else{var d=a.getAttribute("data-image-focal-point");if(d&amp;&amp;(d=d.split(","))&amp;&amp;2==d.length)c.focalPoint={x:parseFloat(d[0]),y:parseFloat(d[1])}}if(b.dimensions)c.dimensions=
b.dimensions;else if((d=a.getAttribute("data-image-dimensions"))&amp;&amp;(d=d.split("x"))&amp;&amp;2==d.length)c.dimensions={width:parseInt(d[0],10),height:parseInt(d[1],10)};b.mode?c.mode=b.mode:a.parentNode&amp;&amp;(d=a.parentNode.className,-1!==d.indexOf("content-fill")?c.mode="fill":-1!==d.indexOf("content-fit")&amp;&amp;(c.mode="fit"));if("fit"===c.mode&amp;&amp;a.parentNode&amp;&amp;(d=b.fitAlignment||a.getAttribute("data-alignment")||a.parentNode.getAttribute("data-alignment")))c.fitAlignment={top:-1!==d.indexOf("top"),left:-1!==d.indexOf("left"),
center:-1!==d.indexOf("center"),right:-1!==d.indexOf("right"),bottom:-1!==d.indexOf("bottom")};if(b.load)c.load=b.load;else if(d=a.getAttribute("data-load"))c.load=d;if("undefined"!==typeof b.stretch)c.stretch=b.stretch;else if(d=a.getAttribute("data-image-stretch"))c.stretch="true"===d?!0:!1;c.source=b.source?b.source:a.getAttribute("data-src");if(c.source&amp;&amp;(-1!==c.source.indexOf("squarespace.com")||-1!==c.source.indexOf("squarespace.net"))&amp;&amp;"http:"===c.source.substr(0,5)&amp;&amp;"https"===window.location.protocol.substr(0,
5))c.source=c.source.replace("http://","https://");if(b.fixedRatio)c.fixedRatio=b.fixedRatio;else if(d=a.getAttribute("data-fixed-ratio"))c.fixedRatio="true"==d;return c};this._stringType=function(a){return"string"===typeof a&amp;&amp;-1!==a.indexOf("%")?"percentage":isNaN(parseInt(a,10))?NaN:"number"};this._getStyle=function(a,b,c){var d;a.currentStyle?d=a.currentStyle[c||b]:window.getComputedStyle&amp;&amp;(d=document.defaultView.getComputedStyle(a,null).getPropertyValue(b));return d};this._isVisible=function(a){a=
a.getBoundingClientRect();return 0&lt;=a.left&amp;&amp;0&lt;=a.top||0&lt;=a.bottom&amp;&amp;0&lt;=a.right||0&lt;=a.left&amp;&amp;0&lt;=a.bottom||0&lt;=a.right&amp;&amp;0&lt;=a.top};this.getSquarespaceSize=function(a,b,c){a=Math.max(b/(c.dimensions.height/c.dimensions.width),a);"undefined"===typeof app&amp;&amp;"number"===typeof window.devicePixelRatio&amp;&amp;(a*=window.devicePixelRatio);for(b=1;b&lt;SQUARESPACE_SIZES.length&amp;&amp;!(a&gt;SQUARESPACE_SIZES[b]);b++);return SQUARESPACE_SIZES[b-1]+"w"};this.getDimensionForValue=function(a,b,c){var d=c.dimensions.width;c=c.dimensions.height;
return"width"==a?d/c*b:"height"==a?c/d*b:NaN};this.getUrl=function(a,b){var c=b.source;return a&amp;&amp;("/"==c[0]||-1!=c.indexOf("squarespace.com")||-1!=c.indexOf("squarespace.net"))?(-1===c.indexOf("format="+a)&amp;&amp;(c=c+(-1!==c.indexOf("?")?"&amp;":"?")+"format="+a),window.Static&amp;&amp;window.Static.IN_BACKEND&amp;&amp;-1===c.indexOf("storage=local")&amp;&amp;(c+="&amp;storage=local"),c):b.source};this.isValidResolution=function(a,b){a=parseInt(a,10);b=parseInt(b,10);return isNaN(a)||isNaN(b)?!0:a&gt;b};this._resetAlt=function(a,b){var c=
a.getAttribute("alt"),d=c&amp;&amp;0&lt;c.length&amp;&amp;!a.getAttribute("src");if(d){var e=a.style.display;a.removeAttribute("alt");a.style.display="none";a.offsetHeight+0;a.style.display=e}b.call(this);d&amp;&amp;a.setAttribute("alt",c)};this.bootstrap=function(){var a=document.images;if(0&lt;a.length)for(var b=0,c=a.length;b&lt;c;b++)((a[b].hasAttribute?a[b].hasAttribute("data-image"):a[b].attributes["data-image"])||(a[b].hasAttribute?a[b].hasAttribute("data-src"):a[b].attributes["data-src"]))&amp;&amp;"false"!==(a[b].getAttribute?a[b].getAttribute("data-load"):
a[b].attributes["data-load"])+""&amp;&amp;ImageLoader.load(a[b])}};window.ImageLoader=ImageLoader;window.YUI&amp;&amp;YUI.add("squarespace-imageloader",function(a){});
})();
  </script>
  <script>
   Static.SQUARESPACE_CONTEXT = {"facebookAppId":"314192535267336","rollups":{"squarespace-audio-player":{"css":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/styles-compressed/audio-player-76e4bfcc3f9830beb388bae2002fbe6c-min.css","js":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/scripts-compressed/audio-player-0a080117d1b70308f8c1-min.js"},"squarespace-calendar-block-renderer":{"css":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/styles-compressed/calendar-block-renderer-1cadc867f4061dac72e24880516afe5d-min.css","js":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/scripts-compressed/calendar-block-renderer-998425709842fcf12f48-min.js"},"squarespace-chartjs-helpers":{"css":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/styles-compressed/chartjs-helpers-9935a41d63cf08ca108505d288c1712e-min.css","js":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/scripts-compressed/chartjs-helpers-9fd93274b4eb9c92b397-min.js"},"squarespace-comments":{"css":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/styles-compressed/comments-605c469305168b54b449e5749e9761b5-min.css","js":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/scripts-compressed/comments-20a45c31157364e9294b-min.js"},"squarespace-dialog":{"css":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/styles-compressed/dialog-267524d0afa8159461d7b14cb46522ea-min.css","js":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/scripts-compressed/dialog-89ea3fd6f03f563c95a2-min.js"},"squarespace-events-collection":{"css":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/styles-compressed/events-collection-1cadc867f4061dac72e24880516afe5d-min.css","js":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/scripts-compressed/events-collection-8d2d3fddecda2d489c3b-min.js"},"squarespace-pinterest":{"css":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/styles-compressed/pinterest-d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e-min.css","js":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/scripts-compressed/pinterest-0b0faf307596dc7a7d5e-min.js"},"squarespace-product-quick-view":{"css":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/styles-compressed/product-quick-view-b59f528a6056b758681cd93e10b204a2-min.css","js":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/scripts-compressed/product-quick-view-336d1a694f86ad783ebb-min.js"},"squarespace-search-page":{"css":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/styles-compressed/search-page-feb7768f9a9907b47ac689b118f3db8e-min.css","js":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/scripts-compressed/search-page-6b66129e64917bce2968-min.js"},"squarespace-simple-liking":{"css":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/styles-compressed/simple-liking-09fa291ec2800c97714f0d157fd0a6ca-min.css","js":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/scripts-compressed/simple-liking-4e59274a8ac8c3f3271d-min.js"},"squarespace-social-buttons":{"css":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/styles-compressed/social-buttons-578fb344ac92d6ab44d6030c1b952622-min.css","js":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/scripts-compressed/social-buttons-3d6436a93640b814740c-min.js"},"squarespace-tourdates":{"css":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/styles-compressed/tourdates-c93b2c960daab39b171b6ba3fcf0b344-min.css","js":"//static.squarespace.com/universal/scripts-compressed/tourdates-30b2f577e532fdea5e7f-min.js"}},"pageType":50,"website":{"id":"550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531","identifier":"essentialdesign","contentModifiedOn":1436552323959,"cloneable":false,"siteStatus":{},"language":"en-US","timeZone":"America/New_York","machineTimeZoneOffset":-14400000,"timeZoneOffset":-14400000,"timeZoneAbbr":"EDT","siteTitle":"Essential Design Blog","siteTagLine":"Essential Blog","siteDescription":"&lt;p&gt;The&nbsp;&lt;a href=\"http://essential-design.com/\"&gt;Essential Design&lt;/a&gt;&nbsp;blog is a platform to share perspectives on topics such as&nbsp;the future of design, technology,&nbsp;social innovation, robotics, etc.&nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;","location":{"mapZoom":12.0,"mapLat":42.3510723,"mapLng":-71.05762299999998,"markerLat":42.3510723,"markerLng":-71.05762299999998,"addressTitle":"Essential Design","addressLine1":"143 South St. 6th Floor","addressLine2":"Boston, MA, 02111","addressCountry":"United States"},"logoImageId":"55142090e4b0ff90915249d2","shareButtonOptions":{"4":true,"3":true,"2":true,"1":true},"logoImageUrl":"//static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/t/55142090e4b0ff90915249d2/1436552323959/","authenticUrl":"http://blog.essential-design.com","baseUrl":"http://blog.essential-design.com","primaryDomain":"blog.essential-design.com","typekitId":"","statsMigrated":false},"websiteSettings":{"id":"550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0533","websiteId":"550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531","subjects":[],"simpleLikingEnabled":true,"mobileInfoBarSettings":{"isContactEmailEnabled":false,"isContactPhoneNumberEnabled":false,"isLocationEnabled":false,"isBusinessHoursEnabled":false},"lastAgreedTermsOfService":2,"defaultPostFormat":"%y/%m/%d/%t","commentLikesAllowed":true,"commentAnonAllowed":true,"commentThreaded":true,"commentApprovalRequired":true,"commentAvatarsOn":true,"commentSortType":2,"commentFlagThreshold":0,"commentFlagsAllowed":true,"commentEnableByDefault":true,"disqusShortname":"","homepageTitleFormat":"%s","collectionTitleFormat":"%c \u2014 %s","itemTitleFormat":"%i \u2014 %s","commentsEnabled":true,"contactPhoneNumber":"6173386057","businessHours":{"monday":{"text":"Open","ranges":[{"from":0,"to":0}]},"tuesday":{"text":"Open","ranges":[{"from":0,"to":0}]},"wednesday":{"text":"Open","ranges":[{"from":0,"to":0}]},"thursday":{"text":"Open","ranges":[{"from":0,"to":0}]},"friday":{"text":"Open","ranges":[{"from":0,"to":0}]}},"allowSquarespacePromotion":true,"storeSettings":{"returnPolicy":null,"termsOfService":null,"privacyPolicy":null,"orderRefundedSubjectFormat":"%s: Order #%o Refunded","orderRefundedTitleFormat":"Order Refunded: #%o","expressCheckout":false,"useLightCart":false,"showNoteField":false,"currenciesSupported":["AUD","CHF","EUR","GBP","USD","CAD"],"defaultCurrency":"USD","selectedCurrency":"USD","measurementStandard":1,"showCustomCheckoutForm":false,"enableMailingListOptInByDefault":true,"businessName":"Your Site Title","businessId":"","isLive":false,"stripeConnected":false,"storeState":3},"useEscapeKeyToLogin":true,"ssBadgeType":1,"ssBadgePosition":4,"ssBadgeVisibility":1,"ssBadgeDevices":1,"pinterestOverlayOptions":{"mode":"disabled","size":"small","shape":"rect","color":"white"}},"websiteCloneable":false,"collection":{"title":"Essential Blog","id":"550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b","fullUrl":"/","publicCommentCount":24},"item":{"title":"Designing Health: Beyond The Electronic Medical Record","id":"550b367de4b0d6c83c5144e2","fullUrl":"/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html","publicCommentCount":1,"commentState":2,"recordType":1},"subscribed":false,"appDomain":"squarespace.com","secureDomain":"https://essentialdesign.squarespace.com","templateTweakable":true,"tweakJSON":{"aspect-ratio":"Auto","gallery-arrow-style":"Round Corners","gallery-aspect-ratio":"3:2 Standard","gallery-auto-crop":"true","gallery-autoplay":"false","gallery-design":"Slideshow","gallery-info-overlay":"Always Show","gallery-loop":"false","gallery-navigation":"Thumbnails","gallery-show-arrows":"true","gallery-transitions":"Fade","galleryArrowBackground":"rgba(34,34,34,1)","galleryArrowColor":"rgba(255,255,255,1)","galleryAutoplaySpeed":"3","galleryCircleColor":"rgba(255,255,255,1)","galleryInfoBackground":"rgba(0, 0, 0, .7)","galleryThumbnailSize":"100px","gridSize":"350px","gridSpacing":"20px","hdr-bg-image":"{background-image:none;background-position:center center;background-size:auto;background-attachment:fixed;background-repeat:repeat}","product-gallery-auto-crop":"true","product-image-auto-crop":"true"},"templateId":"503ba86de4b04953d0f49846","pageFeatures":[1,2,4],"impersonatedSession":false,"demoCollections":[{"collectionId":"517ea573e4b077614f1786ec","deleted":true},{"collectionId":"517eb5d5e4b00cbd5d97d5c7","deleted":true},{"collectionId":"517ea55ee4b0d5eb59e27d6c","deleted":true},{"collectionId":"517ea56de4b0d7e92bf789e0","deleted":true},{"collectionId":"517eaaaae4b0770fc4169f38","deleted":true},{"collectionId":"517eb92ce4b0bec12a288468","deleted":true},{"collectionId":"50649e01e4b000b6a5f3008e","deleted":false},{"collectionId":"506612b284ae9eec10724582","deleted":true},{"collectionId":"517eb24fe4b0809658b0b86e","deleted":true},{"collectionId":"520bd9b6e4b059321a307fe8","deleted":true}],"isFacebookTab":false,"tzData":{"zones":[[-300,"US","E%sT",null]],"rules":{"US":[[1967,2006,null,"Oct","lastSun","2:00","0","S"],[1987,2006,null,"Apr","Sun&gt;=1","2:00","1:00","D"],[2007,"max",null,"Mar","Sun&gt;=8","2:00","1:00","D"],[2007,"max",null,"Nov","Sun&gt;=1","2:00","0","S"]]}}}; SquarespaceFonts.loadViaContext(); Squarespace.load(window);
  </script>
  <link href="http://blog.essential-design.com/blog?format=RSS" rel="alternate" title="RSS Feed" type="application/rss+xml"/>
  <script src="//use.typekit.net/ik/Wqyt_8dBVGPcn_iOidE8oFn7UL0OxvoUt7x__YV8R93feGXffFHN4UJLFRbh52jhWD9uweJkjQItZQsKw2y8weByFesyw29DwsToiaiaOc4CdhS0ZWFDZAoX-ABCOAs8Sh81dKoRdhXCjcUzZko8SaF8d1sTjA3lZemD-Ai0OcFzdPU8SaF8d1sTjAUqZWFTZht0SaBujW48Sagyjh90jhNlOfG0ZWFDZAoX-ABCZemD-Ai0O1FUiABkZWF3jAF8OcFzdPJwSY4zpe8ljPu0daZyH6qJtKGbMg62JMJ7fbKzMsMMeMb6MKG4fHXgIMMjgKMfH6qJK3IbMg6YJMJ7fbKTMsMMeM66MKG4f5w7IMMj2PMfH6qJn6IbMg6bJMJ7fbKwMsMMegI6MTMgyOdG7M9.js" type="text/javascript">
  </script>
  <script type="text/javascript">
   try{Typekit.load();}catch(e){}
  </script>
  <link href="//fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans:800" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <script type="application/ld+json">
   {"@context":"http://schema.org","@type":"LocalBusiness","openingHours":"Mo all day, Tu all day, We all day, Th all day, Fr all day"}
  </script>
  <!--[if gte IE 9]&gt; &lt;link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="//static1.squarespace.com/static/sitecss/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/208/503ba86de4b04953d0f49846/550c202de4b0215d22264ddb/1591-05142015/1430145786950/site.css?&amp;filterFeatures=false&amp;part=1"/&gt;&lt;link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="//static1.squarespace.com/static/sitecss/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/208/503ba86de4b04953d0f49846/550c202de4b0215d22264ddb/1591-05142015/1430145786950/site.css?&amp;filterFeatures=false&amp;part=2"/&gt;&lt;link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="//static1.squarespace.com/static/sitecss/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/208/503ba86de4b04953d0f49846/550c202de4b0215d22264ddb/1591-05142015/1430145786950/site.css?&amp;filterFeatures=false&amp;part=3"/&gt;&lt;link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="//static1.squarespace.com/static/sitecss/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/208/503ba86de4b04953d0f49846/550c202de4b0215d22264ddb/1591-05142015/1430145786950/site.css?&amp;filterFeatures=false&amp;part=4"/&gt;&lt;![endif]-->
  <!--[if lt IE 9]&gt;&lt;script src="//static.squarespace.com"&gt;&lt;/script&gt;&lt;link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="//static1.squarespace.com/static/sitecss/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/208/503ba86de4b04953d0f49846/550c202de4b0215d22264ddb/1591-05142015/1430145786950/site.css?&amp;filterFeatures=false&amp;noMedia=true&amp;part=1"/&gt;&lt;link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="//static1.squarespace.com/static/sitecss/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/208/503ba86de4b04953d0f49846/550c202de4b0215d22264ddb/1591-05142015/1430145786950/site.css?&amp;filterFeatures=false&amp;noMedia=true&amp;part=2"/&gt;&lt;link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="//static1.squarespace.com/static/sitecss/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/208/503ba86de4b04953d0f49846/550c202de4b0215d22264ddb/1591-05142015/1430145786950/site.css?&amp;filterFeatures=false&amp;noMedia=true&amp;part=3"/&gt;&lt;link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="//static1.squarespace.com/static/sitecss/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/208/503ba86de4b04953d0f49846/550c202de4b0215d22264ddb/1591-05142015/1430145786950/site.css?&amp;filterFeatures=false&amp;noMedia=true&amp;part=4"/&gt;&lt;![endif]-->
  <!--[if !IE]&gt; -->
  <link href="//static1.squarespace.com/static/sitecss/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/208/503ba86de4b04953d0f49846/550c202de4b0215d22264ddb/1591-05142015/1430145786950/site.css?&amp;filterFeatures=false" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <!-- &lt;![endif]-->
  <!--&lt;script type="text/javascript"&gt;var switchTo5x=true;&lt;/script&gt; -->
  <script src="http://w.sharethis.com/button/buttons.js" type="text/javascript">
  </script>
  <script type="text/javascript">
   stLight.options({publisher: "82863775-235d-4319-979e-221f4730ae1e", doNotHash: false, doNotCopy: false, hashAddressBar: false});
  </script>
  <meta content="width=device-width, user-scalable=no" name="viewport"/>
  <script>
   var textarea = document.getElementById('textarea_id');
textarea.scrollTop = textarea.scrollHeight;
  </script>
  <!-- End of Squarespace Headers -->
  <script src="https://static1.squarespace.com/static/ta/5016d42984ae3ecc9e018d91/1591/scripts/site.js" type="text/javascript">
  </script>
 </head>
 <body class="canvas-setting-full-width hide-delimiter banner-content-page-title-description banner-alignment-center page-thumbnail-as-banner stretch-page-thumbnail top-navigation-position-below-banner top-navigation-alignment-center disable-navigation-border sidebar-position-right footer-alignment-center disable-footer-border social-icon-style-round social-icon-placement-bottom-only blog-list-display-full blog-byline-top blog-dateline-above-title disable-pagination-border show-products-category-navigation gallery-design-slideshow aspect-ratio-auto lightbox-style-dark gallery-navigation-thumbnails gallery-info-overlay-always-show gallery-aspect-ratio-32-standard gallery-arrow-style-round-corners gallery-transitions-fade gallery-show-arrows gallery-auto-crop product-list-titles-under product-list-alignment-center product-item-size-43-four-thirds product-image-auto-crop product-gallery-size-32-standard product-gallery-auto-crop show-product-price show-product-item-nav product-social-sharing event-show-past-events event-thumbnails event-thumbnail-size-32-standard event-date-label event-list-show-cats event-list-date event-list-time event-list-address event-icalgcal-links event-excerpts hide-album-share-link hide-opentable-icons opentable-style-dark newsletter-style-dark small-button-style-solid small-button-shape-square medium-button-style-solid medium-button-shape-square large-button-style-solid large-button-shape-square button-style-solid button-corner-style-square native-currency-code-usd view-item collection-type-blog collection-layout-default collection-550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b mobile-style-available has-logo-image" id="item-550b367de4b0d6c83c5144e2" ontouchstart="">
  <!--MOBILE-->
  <nav id="mobile-navigation">
   <span id="mobile-navigation-title">
    <a href="/">
     Essential Design Blog
    </a>
   </span>
   <span id="mobile-navigation-label">
   </span>
   <ul>
    <li class="">
     <a href="/people/">
      People
     </a>
    </li>
    <li class="">
     <a href="/new-page/">
      Thoughts
     </a>
    </li>
    <li class="">
     <a href="/happenings/">
      Happenings
     </a>
    </li>
    <li class=" active-link">
     <a href="/">
      Blog
     </a>
    </li>
   </ul>
  </nav>
  <div id="canvas-wrapper">
   <div id="canvas">
    <div id="page-header-wrapper">
     <div id="page-header">
      <div id="navigation-top">
       <div class="horizontal-navigation-bar clear with-logo">
        <!-- // logo or site title markup in nav area -->
        <div data-content-field="site-title" id="banner-wrapper">
         <a href="/">
          <img alt="Essential Design Blog" id="banner" src="//static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/t/55142090e4b0ff90915249d2/1436552323959/?format=1500w"/>
         </a>
        </div>
        <nav class="main-nav" data-content-field="navigation" id="main-navigation">
         <ul>
          <li class="page-collection">
           <a href="/people/">
            People
           </a>
           <span class="delimiter">
            /
           </span>
          </li>
          <li class="page-collection">
           <a href="/new-page/">
            Thoughts
           </a>
           <span class="delimiter">
            /
           </span>
          </li>
          <li class="page-collection">
           <a href="/happenings/">
            Happenings
           </a>
           <span class="delimiter">
            /
           </span>
          </li>
          <li class="blog-collection active-link">
           <a href="/">
            Blog
           </a>
           <span class="delimiter">
            /
           </span>
          </li>
         </ul>
        </nav>
       </div>
      </div>
      <!-- navigation-top -->
      <div id="banner-area-wrapper">
       <div id="banner-area">
        <!-- // page thumbnail image as banner image -->
        <div class="banner-overlay">
        </div>
        <!-- // logo or site title markup in banner area -->
        <div data-content-field="site-title" id="banner-wrapper">
         <a href="/" rel="bookmark">
          <img alt="Essential Design Blog" id="banner" src="//static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/t/55142090e4b0ff90915249d2/1436552323959/?format=1500w"/>
          <p class="logo-subtitle" id="logo-tagline">
           Essential Blog
          </p>
         </a>
        </div>
        <!-- // page title markup in banner area -->
        <div class="js-text-shrink" data-collection-id="550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b" data-edit-main-image="Page Banner" id="page-title-wrapper">
         <h1 class="page-title" id="page-title">
          Essential Blog
         </h1>
         <div class="page-description" id="page-description">
          <p>
           The
           <a href="http://essential-design.com/">
            Essential Design
           </a>
           blog is a platform to share perspectives on topics such asthe future of design, technology,social innovation, robotics, etc.
          </p>
         </div>
        </div>
       </div>
      </div>
      <!-- banner-area-wrapper -->
      <div id="navigation-bottom">
       <div class="horizontal-navigation-bar clear with-logo">
        <!-- // logo or site title markup in nav area -->
        <div data-content-field="site-title" id="banner-wrapper">
         <a href="/">
          <img alt="Essential Design Blog" id="banner" src="//static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/t/55142090e4b0ff90915249d2/1436552323959/?format=1500w"/>
         </a>
        </div>
        <nav class="main-nav" data-content-field="navigation" id="main-navigation">
         <ul>
          <li class="page-collection">
           <a href="/people/">
            People
           </a>
           <span class="delimiter">
            /
           </span>
          </li>
          <li class="page-collection">
           <a href="/new-page/">
            Thoughts
           </a>
           <span class="delimiter">
            /
           </span>
          </li>
          <li class="page-collection">
           <a href="/happenings/">
            Happenings
           </a>
           <span class="delimiter">
            /
           </span>
          </li>
          <li class="blog-collection active-link">
           <a href="/">
            Blog
           </a>
           <span class="delimiter">
            /
           </span>
          </li>
         </ul>
        </nav>
       </div>
      </div>
      <!-- navigation-bottom -->
     </div>
    </div>
    <!-- page-header-wrapper -->
    <div class="one-sidebar" id="page-body-wrapper">
     <div id="page-body">
      <div id="content-wrapper">
       <div id="content">
        <div class="extra-wrapper" id="page-body-header">
         <div class="sqs-layout sqs-grid-12 columns-12" data-layout-label="Essential Blog Header Content" data-type="block-field" data-updated-on="1426875897806" id="page-header-550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b">
          <div class="row sqs-row">
           <div class="col sqs-col-12 span-12">
            <div class="sqs-block image-block sqs-block-image" data-block-type="5" id="block-yui_3_17_2_9_1426863540662_20756">
             <div class="sqs-block-content">
              <div class="image-block-outer-wrapper layout-caption-below ">
               <div class="intrinsic" style="max-width:800.0px;">
                <a href="/">
                 <div class="image-block-wrapper has-aspect-ratio" data-description="" style="padding-bottom:12.875%;">
                  <noscript>
                   <img alt="essentiallogo.png" src="http://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/t/550c62cde4b06facd7a10f85/1426875091076/essentiallogo.png"/>
                  </noscript>
                  <img alt="essentiallogo.png" class="thumb-image" data-image="http://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/t/550c62cde4b06facd7a10f85/1426875091076/essentiallogo.png" data-image-dimensions="800x103" data-image-focal-point="0.5,0.5" data-image-id="550c62cde4b06facd7a10f85" data-load="false" data-src="http://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/t/550c62cde4b06facd7a10f85/1426875091076/essentiallogo.png" data-type="image"/>
                 </div>
                </a>
               </div>
              </div>
             </div>
            </div>
            <div class="sqs-block search-block sqs-block-search" data-block-type="33" id="block-yui_3_17_2_5_1426863540662_9020">
             <div class="sqs-block-content">
              <div boost_title="10" class="sqs-search-ui-text-input sqs-search-ui-button-wrapper color-dark" data-collection="550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b" data-preview="true" data-source="block">
               <div class="spinner-wrapper">
               </div>
               <input class="search-input" placeholder="Search" type="search" value=""/>
              </div>
             </div>
            </div>
           </div>
          </div>
         </div>
        </div>
        <!-- // CATEGORY NAV -->
        <div class="main-content" data-collection-id="550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b" data-content-field="main-content" data-edit-main-image="Page Banner">
         <article class="hentry category-happenings category-thoughts tag-design-research tag-digital-health tag-healthcare tag-technology author-paul-naddaff post-type-text" data-item-id="550b367de4b0d6c83c5144e2" id="article-550b367de4b0d6c83c5144e2">
          <div class="content-wrapper">
           <div class="post">
            <!--POST HEADER-->
            <header>
             <span class="article-dateline-above-title">
              <span class="date">
               <a href="/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html">
                <time class="published" datetime="2014-05-29">
                 May 29, 2014
                </time>
               </a>
              </span>
             </span>
             <h1 class="entry-title" data-content-field="title">
              <a href="/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html">
               Designing Health: Beyond The Electronic Medical Record
              </a>
             </h1>
             <span class="article-dateline">
              <span class="date">
               <a href="/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html">
                <time class="published" datetime="2014-05-29">
                 May 29, 2014
                </time>
               </a>
               <span class="delimiter">
                /
               </span>
              </span>
             </span>
             <span class="article-byline">
              <span class="author">
               <a href="/?author=550b2a52e4b0f6ad2272583f" rel="author">
                Paul Naddaff
               </a>
              </span>
             </span>
            </header>
            <!--POST BODY-->
            <div class="body entry-content">
             <div class="sqs-layout sqs-grid-12 columns-12" data-layout-label="Post Body" data-type="item" id="item-550b367de4b0d6c83c5144e2">
              <div class="row sqs-row">
               <div class="col sqs-col-12 span-12">
                <div class="sqs-block html-block sqs-block-html" data-block-type="2" id="block-550b367de4b0d6c83c514535">
                 <div class="sqs-block-content">
                  <div data-src="v5">
                   <p>
                    <span class="full-image-block ssNonEditable">
                     <span>
                      <img alt="" src="https://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b/550b367de4b0d6c83c51452b/1401381396493/1000w/cue-2.gif" style="width: 630px;"/>
                     </span>
                    </span>
                    I recently attended
                    <a href="http://www.health2con.com/hxr/">
                     HxRefactored
                    </a>
                    , a healthcare conference aiming to bring designers and developers together to
                    <strong>
                     <em>
                      improve the health experience
                     </em>
                    </strong>
                    . The conference, held in Brooklyn, NY, indeed pulled quite a crowd and surfaced some interesting perspectives. It consisted primarily of talks, workshops, and panel discussions pertaining to development or design within the context of the health experience. I attended a dozen talks examining topics ranging from design research techniques (i.e. journey mapping, persona development, use scenarios) toonline pornography, Ill explain in a minute. Id like to share some of my takeaways as well as extend the discussion. The current state of the health experience is fragmented and limited in scope- failing to connect disparate sources of data into one cohesive system that paints a clear picture for individuals and society as a whole.
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    Back to online porn,
                    <a href="http://blog.ted.com/2009/12/02/cindy_gallop_ma/">
                     Cindy Gallop, of TED fame
                    </a>
                    , created the website
                    <a href="http://makelovenotporn.com">
                     makelovenotporn.com
                    </a>
                    (landing page is SFW). The site, which is not anti-porn, serves to educate the public about the differences between porn and real world sex. It does so through user generated content that is indeed
                    <em>
                     real
                    </em>
                    . What made Gallops talk relevant in a comparatively sterile health/design conference was just that-
                    <em>
                     healthcare solutions in the past, have been sterilized and hard to relate to due to a lack of human emotion and holistic understanding.
                    </em>
                    For example, Gallop explained that in order to really influence something, you need to change the language around it. That has certainly started to happen in the health world- although there are some parts of the industry that seem stuck in the past, specifically Electronic Medical Records (EMR).
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    In the current world of healthcare software solutions, EMR attract an incredible amount of mindshare and resources- EMR seemed to dominate the conference, perhaps because they are and have been the status quo for so long. What is an EMR? At the core, this is the software that some doctors furiously type into when you go in for a visit, attempting to document
                    <em>
                     everything
                    </em>
                    . In the past, medical records were paper-based files that detailed your hospital visits (or
                    <em>
                     encounters
                    </em>
                    in EMR language, friendly right?) prescriptions, injuries, conditions, etc. There has been an immense amount of academic and commercial study of EMRs in an effort to assess and improve upon them (
                    <a href="http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/store/10.1111/j.1559-8918.2012.00025.x/asset/j.1559-8918.2012.00025.x.pdf?v=1&amp;t=hvs9m4i0&amp;s=a9896a7b9d902d6d64af9e17a47a3e734fe37aca">
                     notably, David, G. 2012
                    </a>
                    )- Ill add only a little to the pile, focusing more on opportunities and examples that look at how design has already helped the evolution of the health experience. EMR systems are just the beginning.
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <strong>
                     1. EMR &amp; Information overload
                    </strong>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    EMR vendors seem to be stuck in a strange position where they dont want to get caught not having a certain piece of information available in their software (even with so many third party EMR customization vendors). The result is information overload for the person entering data into the EMR during a visit (i.e. your doctor). This has numerous negative impacts.
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    - Incredibly high information density, which works for some people in certain contexts, demands the doctors full attention. This means decreased attention on you, the patient (i.e. Eye contact, emotional understanding, support)
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    - Increased time needed for input. Doctors are busy. Every minute spent on an EMR related task is a minute not spent on actual patient care. Combine this with the already tight time constraints doctors face.
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    - Ethnographic design research (
                    <a href="http://ehealthrecords.files.wordpress.com/2009/04/discovering-work-through-ethnography-mitre-3-2009-public-version.pdf">
                     such as David, G. 2009
                    </a>
                    <em>
                     <a href="http://ehealthrecords.files.wordpress.com/2009/04/discovering-work-through-ethnography-mitre-3-2009-public-version.pdf">
                      Discovering Work Through Ethnography
                     </a>
                     )
                    </em>
                    has been leveraged to help understand the reality of the entire context in which EMR data is collected, stored, and used. This has helped gain insight into the true needs and desires of the various stakeholders, without having such a negative impact on the actual health experience- needless to say, continuous field research is needed, especially efforts that take a step back to examine the health experience as a whole, and take into account new sources of data generation that are being created.
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <strong>
                     2. Not enough of the
                     <em>
                      right
                     </em>
                     information
                    </strong>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    The nitty-gritty details that make up our lives (and health) dont fit neatly into the empty text fields of a clunky computer system. Information collected in EMR is not telling the whole story- it fails to connect the dots that fall outside of encounters. This is not an invitation for more text fields. Systems could integrate data from both existing and new methods of data collection that is more relevant, timely, accurate, and actionable (think outside the hospital i.e. wearables and other examples in #5 below). When data from disparate sources is pulled together, it will be easier to spot patterns in the population (i.e. through machine learning), leading to new health insights. The aforementioned advances
                    <em>
                     combined
                    </em>
                    with human doctors and researchers will revolutionize our health.
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <strong>
                     3. Poor (or no) visual representation of health data
                    </strong>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    One fantastic speaker at the HxRefactored conference, Stephen P. Anderson (
                    <a href="http://www.poetpainter.com/">
                     www.poetpainter.com
                    </a>
                    ), spoke of
                    <em>
                     designing for understanding
                    </em>
                    . He visually explained how effective visualizations can vastly improve our comprehension of data. Yet most EMR interfaces still look like theyre stuck in the mid-90s. Visualizations are useful not only for displaying data, but also for entering and manipulating data (think sliders, interactivity).
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <strong>
                     4. Limited visibility into
                     <em>
                      my
                     </em>
                     data -&gt; less ownership
                    </strong>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    The data contained in your EMR is all about you, yet, have you seen yours? Sure it is available upon request, but why isnt your health information streamed directly to you in real-time? Why isnt it easily available to you? If you visit the doctors office and are diagnosed with something, rather than a rack of paper pamphlets in the waiting area, health data and preventative/corrective actions could be made more customized and relevant to you, so that you can act on it.
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <strong>
                     5. New Technologies: HealthTech/DigitalHealth/mHealth
                    </strong>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    Ive already touched upon future technologies, below are some specific examples of products that are mostly available today. The future of the health experience exists in concepts such as 
                    <span>
                     user generated healthcare
                    </span>
                    , lifestyle based intervention, and predictive medicine. These new opportunity spaces are made possible by advances in [often mobile] technology, and fueled by the desire for an understandable, realistic, affordable, and actionable perspective on ones own health. The examples Ive selected will by no means instantly make the world healthier, but just may help act as scaffolding for future growth and awareness of our health.
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <strong>
                     Cue
                    </strong>
                    $150
                    <strong>
                    </strong>
                    (
                    <a href="http://cue.me">
                     cue.me
                    </a>
                    )
                    <strong>
                    </strong>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    Cue is a deep health tracker that uses lab grade tissue processing to provide you with a detailed look at your health (i.e. testosterone level, inflammation, fertility, influenza, and vitamin D). The companion smartphone app tracks these variables over time and provides suggestions on how to correct your levels. Never before has such technology existed for home use.
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <span class="full-image-block ssNonEditable">
                     <span>
                      <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=32YwVuiAgEg">
                       <img alt="" src="https://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b/550b367de4b0d6c83c51452c/1401381225093/1000w/cue.png" style="width: 630px;"/>
                      </a>
                     </span>
                    </span>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <strong>
                     Wello
                    </strong>
                    $199
                    <strong>
                    </strong>
                    (
                    <a href="http://azoi.com">
                     azoi.com
                    </a>
                    )
                    <strong>
                    </strong>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    Its more than an iPhone case, its a powerful health monitoring device that uses imbedded sensors (in an iPhone case) to deliver a snapshot of your health. It measures your heart rate, blood pressure, blood oxygen level, respiration, stress level, heart activity, and temperature. It gives you affordable access to data that used to require expensive equipment- and most importantly you carry it with you wherever you go.
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <span class="full-image-block ssNonEditable">
                     <span>
                      <img alt="" src="https://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b/550b367de4b0d6c83c51452d/1401378595387/1000w/wello.jpg" style="width: 630px;"/>
                     </span>
                    </span>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <strong>
                     uChek
                    </strong>
                    $99
                    <strong>
                     (
                    </strong>
                    <a href="http://biosense.in/uchek">
                     biosense.in/uchek
                    </a>
                    )
                    <strong>
                    </strong>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    Uses your iPhones camera and flash to analyze urine analysis test strips at home. The companion app helps you track levels of various chemical and vitamin levels in your body (i.e. Bilirubin, Ketone, pH, Protein, Urobilinogen, Nitrite, and Leukocytes) it also helps you make sense of what the key indicators mean so that you can make smart adjustments to your lifestyle/diet.
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <span class="full-image-block ssNonEditable">
                     <span>
                      <img alt="" src="https://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b/550b367de4b0d6c83c51452e/1401378615623/1000w/uchek-app.jpg" style="width: 630px;"/>
                     </span>
                    </span>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <strong>
                     Wearable fitness monitors from
                     <a href="http://www.fitbit.com/">
                      fitbit
                     </a>
                     ,
                     <a href="http://store.mybasis.com/?utm_source=Basis&amp;utm_medium=search&amp;utm_campaign=Basis&amp;gclid=CPnul_S_0b4CFVJnOgodeR8APw">
                      Basis
                     </a>
                     ,
                     <a href="https://jawbone.com/?gclid=CLLSs_2_0b4CFQJeOgodaVMA-w">
                      Jawbone
                     </a>
                     etc
                    </strong>
                    . $59-$199
                    <strong>
                    </strong>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    These have been around in one form or another for years, but the price, functionality, and acceptability is now more in-line with the mainstream expectations. Awareness of what these devices can do has continued to improve- and new offerings with advanced features are sprouting up.
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <span class="full-image-block ssNonEditable">
                     <span>
                      <img alt="" src="https://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b/550b367de4b0d6c83c51452f/1401378642074/1000w/fitbitflex.jpeg" style="width: 630px;"/>
                     </span>
                    </span>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <strong>
                     Neuma
                    </strong>
                    $1,500 (
                    <a href="http://neumitra.com">
                     neumitra.com
                    </a>
                    )
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <span class="A7">
                     Neumitra (one of the aforementioned advanced offerings) is a stress management data analytics startup that offers a unique personal stress monitoring and management service. Using embedded sensors, Neuma provides real-time, in the moment, stress feedback.
                     <a href="http://www.essential-design.com/">
                      Essential
                     </a>
                    </span>
                    <span class="A7">
                     <span>
                      worked to create a low-profile, wrist-worn sensor that monitors the users relative stress level to provide visual and tactile feedback while worn, and more detailed visualizations through the users mobile device. Integrated calendars and location services allow users to understand event and location based stressors to further their understanding and stress management effectiveness.
                     </span>
                    </span>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <span class="A7">
                     <span>
                      <span class="full-image-block ssNonEditable">
                       <span>
                        <img alt="" src="https://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b/550b367de4b0d6c83c514530/1401378664403/1000w/Neumitra.png" style="width: 630px;"/>
                       </span>
                      </span>
                     </span>
                    </span>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <strong>
                     WellDoc
                    </strong>
                    (
                    <a href="http://WellDoc.com">
                     WellDoc.com
                    </a>
                    )
                    <strong>
                    </strong>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    WellDoc is a diabetes monitoring and education system that operates outside the clinical setting.
                    <span class="A7">
                     <a href="http://www.essential-design.com">
                      Essential
                     </a>
                     s
                    </span>
                    <span class="A7">
                     <span>
                      research with physicians and patients enabled WellDoc to create smart Web and mobile tools that coach diabetes patients to improved clinical outcomes and serve as a model for other chronic diseases.
                     </span>
                    </span>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <span class="full-image-block ssNonEditable">
                     <span>
                      <img alt="" src="https://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b/550b367de4b0d6c83c514531/1401378690007/1000w/welldoc.png" style="width: 630px;"/>
                     </span>
                    </span>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <strong>
                     MeYou Health
                    </strong>
                    (
                    <a href="http://meyouhealth.com">
                     meyouhealth.com
                    </a>
                    )
                    <strong>
                    </strong>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <span class="A7">
                     MeYou Health is a healthcare start-up created by Healthways to engage, educate, and empower people to pursue healthy lifestyles. Through multiple engagements,
                     <a href="http://www.essential-design.com">
                      Essential
                     </a>
                     has helped MeYou Health and Healthways form early perspectives and user experience strategy in areas core to their mission. Essential used the process of participatory research to explore the ways in which potential customers define well-being, connect well-being and social networks, and physically map their interpersonal interactions, motivations, and barriers relating to wellness. From these rich activities we identified patterns that helped frame a user-driven product development strategy for using game and social network dynamics as motivation for people to achieve lasting health and wellness-promoting behavior change.
                    </span>
                    <strong>
                     <span>
                     </span>
                    </strong>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <span>
                     <span class="full-image-block ssNonEditable">
                      <span>
                       <img alt="" src="https://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b/550b367de4b0d6c83c514532/1401378715537/1000w/meyou+health.jpg" style="width: 630px;"/>
                      </span>
                     </span>
                     <br/>
                    </span>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <strong>
                     iRobot RP-VITA
                    </strong>
                    (
                    <a href="http://www.irobot.com/us/learn/commercial/rp-vita.aspx">
                     irobot.com
                    </a>
                    )
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <span class="A7">
                     iRobot and InTouch Health partnered to create a revolutionary new telepresence robot that extends the reach of physicians and nurses everywhere.
                     <a href="http://www.essential-design.com">
                      Essential
                     </a>
                    </span>
                    <span class="A7">
                     gave RP-VITA its human touch through the integrated design of a remote control app, onboard interface and industrial design, putting the patient/caregiver connection at the forefront of every design decision.
                    </span>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <span class="full-image-block ssNonEditable">
                     <span>
                      <img alt="" src="https://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b/550b367de4b0d6c83c514533/1401378753917/1000w/RP-Vita.png" style="width: 630px;"/>
                     </span>
                    </span>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <a href="http://appleinsider.com/articles/14/06/02/apple-announces-healthkit-for-holistic-health" style="font-weight: bold;">
                     Apple HealthKit
                    </a>
                    <strong>
                     &amp;
                    </strong>
                    <strong>
                     <a href="http://www.samsung.com/us/globalinnovation/innovation_areas/)">
                      Samsungs Digital Health Initiative
                     </a>
                    </strong>
                    <strong>
                    </strong>
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    Apple announced a connected health platform, called HealthKit, that brings together data from the growing array of connected health devices into one place on your iOS device, which may unlock the power of Apples ecosystem to millions of customers (the way that only Apple seems to be able to do). Rival Samsung, also jumped onboard with its own Digital Health Initiative aiming to fund health software programs with an initial $50 million fund. Samsung combined that arm of their initiative with a hardware based health tracking platform, called SAMI, to keep tabs on your body at all times. With such large players aligning resources behind the new health experience, it seems that things are about to get a lot more interesting...
                   </p>
                   <p>
                    <span class="full-image-block ssNonEditable">
                     <span>
                      <img alt="" src="https://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b/550b367de4b0d6c83c514534/1401378831543/1000w/healthbook-book1.jpg" style="width: 630px;"/>
                     </span>
                    </span>
                   </p>
                  </div>
                 </div>
                </div>
               </div>
              </div>
             </div>
            </div>
            <!--POST FOOTER-->
            <footer class="article-meta">
             <div>
              <span class="article-dateline">
               <span class="date">
                <a href="/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html">
                 <i class="icon-calendar">
                 </i>
                 <time class="published" datetime="2014-05-29">
                  May 29, 2014
                 </time>
                </a>
                <span class="delimiter">
                 /
                </span>
               </span>
              </span>
              <span class="article-byline">
               <span class="author">
                <a href="/?author=550b2a52e4b0f6ad2272583f" rel="author">
                 <i class="icon-user">
                 </i>
                 Paul Naddaff
                </a>
                <span class="delimiter">
                 /
                </span>
               </span>
              </span>
              <span class="comments">
               <a href="/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html#commenting">
                <i class="icon-comment">
                </i>
                1 Comment
               </a>
              </span>
              <div class="categories">
               <i class="icon-bookmark">
               </i>
               <a href="/?category=Happenings" rel="tag">
                Happenings
               </a>
               ,
               <a href="/?category=Thoughts" rel="tag">
                Thoughts
               </a>
              </div>
              <div class="tags">
               <i class="icon-tag">
               </i>
               <a href="/?tag=Design+Research" rel="tag">
                Design Research
               </a>
               ,
               <a href="/?tag=digital+health" rel="tag">
                digital health
               </a>
               ,
               <a href="/?tag=healthcare" rel="tag">
                healthcare
               </a>
               ,
               <a href="/?tag=technology" rel="tag">
                technology
               </a>
              </div>
              <div class="shareLoveButtons">
               <span class="sqs-simple-like" data-item-id="550b367de4b0d6c83c5144e2" data-like-count="0">
                <span class="like-icon">
                </span>
                <span class="like-count">
                </span>
               </span>
               <span class="squarespace-social-buttons inline-style" data-asset-url="http://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b/550b367de4b0d6c83c5144e2/1401735689023/" data-full-url="/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html" data-record-type="1" data-system-data-id="" data-title="Designing Health: Beyond The Electronic Medical Record">
               </span>
              </div>
              <div class="author-block" style="">
               <h3 class="author-name">
                <a href="/?author=550b2a52e4b0f6ad2272583f">
                 Paul Naddaff
                </a>
               </h3>
               <div class="author-bio">
                <p>
                </p>
               </div>
              </div>
              <div class="post-entry-injection clear-fix">
               <span class="st_facebook" st_title="Designing Health: Beyond The Electronic Medical Record" st_url="http://blog.essential-design.com/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html">
               </span>
               <span class="st_googleplus" st_title="Designing Health: Beyond The Electronic Medical Record" st_url="http://blog.essential-design.com/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html">
               </span>
               <span class="st_twitter" st_title="Designing Health: Beyond The Electronic Medical Record" st_url="http://blog.essential-design.com/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html">
               </span>
               <span class="st_linkedin" st_title="Designing Health: Beyond The Electronic Medical Record" st_url="http://blog.essential-design.com/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html">
               </span>
               <span class="st_email" st_title="Designing Health: Beyond The Electronic Medical Record" st_url="http://blog.essential-design.com/blog/2014/5/29/designing-health-beyond-the-electronic-medical-record.html">
               </span>
              </div>
             </div>
            </footer>
           </div>
           <!-- /post -->
          </div>
          <!-- /content-wrapper -->
         </article>
         <!--PAGINATION-->
         <nav class="item pagination">
          <div class="content-wrapper">
           <ul>
            <li class="prev">
             <a href="/blog/2014/6/5/nycxdesign-week-part-1.html" id="prevLink" title="NYCxDesign Week - Part 1">
              <i class="icon-chevron-left">
              </i>
              <span class="prev-title">
               NYCxDesign Week - Part 1
              </span>
             </a>
            </li>
            <li class="next">
             <a href="/blog/2014/5/13/crafting-a-story.html" id="nextLink" title="Crafting a Story">
              <span class="next-title">
               Crafting a Story
              </span>
              <i class="icon-chevron-right">
              </i>
             </a>
            </li>
           </ul>
          </div>
         </nav>
         <!--COMMENTS-->
         <div id="commenting">
          <section class="comments-wrapper" id="comments-section">
           <div class="squarespace-comments" id="disqus_thread">
           </div>
          </section>
         </div>
        </div>
        <div class="extra-wrapper" id="page-body-footer">
         <div class="sqs-layout sqs-grid-12 columns-12 empty" data-layout-label="Essential Blog Footer Content" data-type="block-field" id="page-footer-550b367de4b0d6c83c51442b">
          <div class="row sqs-row">
           <div class="col sqs-col-12 span-12">
           </div>
          </div>
         </div>
        </div>
       </div>
      </div>
      <!-- content-wrapper -->
      <div class="vertical-navigation-bar-wrapper" id="sidebar-one-wrapper">
       <div class="vertical-navigation-bar" id="sidebar-one">
        <nav class="main-nav" data-content-field="navigation" id="main-navigation">
         <ul>
          <li class="page-collection">
           <a href="/people/">
            People
           </a>
           <span class="delimiter">
            /
           </span>
          </li>
          <li class="page-collection">
           <a href="/new-page/">
            Thoughts
           </a>
           <span class="delimiter">
            /
           </span>
          </li>
          <li class="page-collection">
           <a href="/happenings/">
            Happenings
           </a>
           <span class="delimiter">
            /
           </span>
          </li>
          <li class="blog-collection active-link">
           <a href="/">
            Blog
           </a>
           <span class="delimiter">
            /
           </span>
          </li>
         </ul>
        </nav>
        <div class="site-info">
         <h3 class="site-title">
          Essential Design Blog
         </h3>
         <div class="site-description">
          <p>
           The
           <a href="http://essential-design.com/">
            Essential Design
           </a>
           blog is a platform to share perspectives on topics such asthe future of design, technology,social innovation, robotics, etc.
          </p>
         </div>
        </div>
        <div class="sqs-layout sqs-grid-1 columns-1" data-layout-label="Sidebar One Content" data-type="block-field" data-updated-on="1427914172838" id="sidebar-one-blocks">
         <div class="row sqs-row">
          <div class="col sqs-col-1 span-1">
           <div class="sqs-block image-block sqs-block-image" data-aspect-ratio="12.5" data-block-type="5" id="block-yui_3_17_2_33_1426855364364_18013">
            <div class="sqs-block-content">
             <div class="image-block-outer-wrapper layout-caption-hidden ">
              <div class="intrinsic" style="max-width:1748.0px;">
               <a href="http://www.essential-design.com">
                <div class="image-block-wrapper has-aspect-ratio" data-description="" style="padding-bottom:12.5%;">
                 <noscript>
                  <img alt="2012_IDSA_essential_logo-01.png" src="http://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/t/551420bbe4b0a141a9a9c1a3/1427382461271/2012_IDSA_essential_logo-01.png"/>
                 </noscript>
                 <img alt="2012_IDSA_essential_logo-01.png" class="thumb-image" data-image="http://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/t/551420bbe4b0a141a9a9c1a3/1427382461271/2012_IDSA_essential_logo-01.png" data-image-dimensions="1748x259" data-image-focal-point="0.5,0.5" data-image-id="551420bbe4b0a141a9a9c1a3" data-load="false" data-src="http://static1.squarespace.com/static/550b2a18e4b08e0aa4da0531/t/551420bbe4b0a141a9a9c1a3/1427382461271/2012_IDSA_essential_logo-01.png" data-type="image"/>
                </div>
               </a>
              </div>
             </div>
            </div>
           </div>
           <div class="sqs-block code-block sqs-block-code" data-block-type="23" id="block-yui_3_17_2_27_1426855364364_12466">
            <div class="sqs-block-content">
             <div id="hideSmall">
              <a class="fakeNav" href="/?">
               All Articles
              </a>
              <a class="fakeNav" href="/?category=Happenings">
               Happenings
              </a>
              <a class="fakeNav" href="/?category=Thoughts">
               Thoughts
              </a>
              <a class="fakeNav" href="/?category=People">
               People
              </a>
              <a class="fakeNav" href="/?category=Output">
               Output
              </a>
              <a class="fakeNav" href="/?category=Finds">
               Finds
              </a>
             </div>
            </div>
           </div>
          </div>
         </div>
        </div>
       </div>
      </div>
      <!-- sidebar-one-wrapper -->
      <div class="clearer" id="body-clearer">
      </div>
     </div>
    </div>
    <!-- page-body-wrapper -->
    <div id="page-footer-wrapper">
     <div id="page-footer">
      <div class="sqs-layout sqs-grid-12 columns-12" data-layout-label="Footer Content" data-type="block-field" data-updated-on="1412174883760" id="footer-blocks">
       <div class="row sqs-row">
        <div class="col sqs-col-12 span-12">
         <div class="sqs-block html-block sqs-block-html" data-block-type="2" id="block-e740e5c6fd99e8867241">
          <div class="sqs-block-content">
           <p class="text-align-left">
            <em>
             Banner images provided by
             <a href="http://www.classic-sailing.co.uk/">
              Classic Sailing
             </a>
             or
            </em>
            <em>
             <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/20581458@N00/4089180923/" target="_blank">
              GollyGforce
             </a>
             , for demo purposes only.
            </em>
            Powered by
            <a href="http://www.squarespace.com">
             Squarespace
            </a>
           </p>
          </div>
         </div>
         <div class="sqs-block socialaccountlinks-v2-block sqs-block-socialaccountlinks-v2" data-block-type="54" id="block-yui_3_17_2_1_1412172079418_4944">
          <div class="sqs-block-content">
           <nav class="sqs-svg-icon--list social-icon-alignment-center social-icons-color-black social-icons-size-large social-icons-style-regular ">
           </nav>
          </div>
         </div>
         <div class="sqs-block spacer-block sqs-block-spacer sized vsize-1" data-block-type="21" id="block-yui_3_17_2_1_1412174290717_8323">
          <div class="sqs-block-content">
          </div>
         </div>
        </div>
       </div>
      </div>
     </div>
    </div>
    <!-- page-footer-wrapper -->
   </div>
  </div>
  <!-- canvas-wrapper -->
  <script data-sqs-type="imageloader-bootstraper" type="text/javascript">
   (function() {if(window.ImageLoader) { window.ImageLoader.bootstrap(); }})();
  </script>
  <script>
   Squarespace.afterBodyLoad(Y);
  </script>
 </body>
</html>