<html>
 <head>
  <title>
   THE CASE OF THE "SCOTTSBORO BOYS"
  </title>
 </head>
 <body>
  <h2>
   THE CASE OF THE "SCOTTSBORO BOYS"
  </h2>
  <hr/>
  <a href="scottsboro-home.html">
   Sketch
  </a>
  by Jacob Burck from
  <i>
   The Daily 
Worker
  </i>
  .
  <hr/>
  The International Labor Defense's (ILD) involvement in the Scottsboro
case, more than any other event, crystallized black support for the
radical political movements, especially the Communist Party, in the
1930s. Accused of raping two white women (Ruby Bates and Victoria
Price) on a freight train near Paint Rock, Alabama, nine young black
men (Charlie Weems, Ozie Powell, Clarence Norris, Olen Montgomery,
Willie Roberson, Haywood Patterson, Andy and Roy Wright, Eugene
Williams), ages thirteen to twenty-one, were arrested on March 25,
1931, tried without adequate counsel, and hastily convicted on the
basis of shallow evidence. All but Roy Wright were sentenced to death.
Already in the midst of a mass anti-lynching campaign begun a year
earlier, the ILD gained the confidence of the defendants and their
parents, initiated a legal and political campaign for their freedom,
and in the process waged a vicious battle for control over the case
with the NAACP, who accused the Communists of using the young men for
propaganda purposes.
  <p>
   The Scottsboro case was not simply an isolated instance of injustice,
the Communists argued, but represented a common manifestation of
national oppression and class rule in the South. Maintaining that a
fair and impartial trial was impossible, the Party and its auxiliaries
publicized the case widely in order to apply mass pressure on the
Alabama justice system. Protests erupted throughout the
country and as far away as Paris, Moscow, and South Africa, and the
governor of Alabama was bombarded with telegrams, postcards and
letters demanding the immediate release of the "Scottsboro Boys."
Through Scottsboro and other related cases, black and white Communists
gained entrance into churches lodges, and clubs in the
African-American community, and eventually the ILD was regarded by
some as a welcome addition to the panoply of "racial defense"
organizations. Moreover, although the "Scottsboro Boys"
the defendants were denied the right of counsel. For the new
Scottsboro trials, whichopened on March 27, 1933, the ILD had retained
renowned criminal lawyer Samuel Leibowitz. More significant, a month
before the trial date Ruby Bates repudiated the rape charge. Yet,
despite new evidence and a brilliant defense, the all-white jury still
found the Scottsboro defendants guilty--a verdict that seemed to
buttress the Communists' interpretation of justice under capitalism
and augmented the ILD's popularity in the black community. In fact,
pressure from black militants and some sympathetic clergy and
middle-class spokesmen compelled the virulently anticommunist NAACP
secretary, Walter White, to develop a working relationship with the
ILD in the spring of 1933. Several months later, however, in an
unprecedented decision, Alabama circuit Judge James E. Horton
overturned the March 1933 verdict and ordered a new trial.
  </p>
  <p>
   Following a number of incredibly foolish legal and ethical mistakes
(including an attempt to bribe Victoria Price), star lawyer Samuel
Leibowitz bolted the ILD, which began to lose its prestige in the
mid-1930s. With support of conservative black leaders, white liberals,
and clergymen, Leibowitz founded the American Scottsboro Committee
(ASC) in 1934. However, hostilities between the two bodies were
slightly mitigated a year later when the ILD turned to the
coalition-building politics of the Popular Front. In a tenuous
alliance the ILD, ASC, NAACP, and ACLU, formed the Scottsboro Defense
Committee, which opted for a more reformist, legally oriented campaign
in lieu of mass tactics. After failing to win the defendants' release
in a 1936 trial, the SDC agreed to a strange plea bargain in 1937
whereby four defendants were released and the remaining five endured
lengthy prison sentences--the last defendant was not freed until 1950.
  </p>
  <p>
   Although the ILD did not win the defendants' unconditional release,
its campaign to "Free the Scottsboro Boys" had tremendous legal and
political implications during the early 1930s. For example, in one of
the ILD's many appeals, a 1935 U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the
defendant's constitutional rights were violated because blacks were
systematically excluded from the jury rolls--a landmark opinion that
spurred a battle to include African Americans on the jury rolls.
Moreover, the realization that limited mass interracial action was
possible challenged traditional liberalism and the politics of racial
accommodation; the often scorned tactics of "mass pressure" would
eventually be a precedent for civil rights activity two decades
later.
  </p>
  <p>
   <b>
    --Robin D. G. Kelley
    <b>
    </b>
   </b>
  </p>
  <p>
  </p>
  <hr/>
  <h3>
   REFERENCES
  </h3>
  <p>
   Carter, Dan T. Scottsboro:
   <i>
    A Tragedy of the American South
   </i>
   . 2d
ed. Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 1984.
  </p>
  <p>
   Martin, Charles H. "The International Labor Defense and Black
America."
   <i>
    Labor History
   </i>
   26 (Spring 1985).
  </p>
  <p>
   Murray, Hugh T., Jr. "The NMCP versus the Communist Party: The
Scottsboro Rape Case, 1931-1932."
   <i>
    Phylon
   </i>
   28 (1967).
   <!--foot page for 88/poetry site-->
  </p>
  <p>
  </p>
  <hr/>
  <center>
   <b>
    <a href="home.html">
     POETRY
HOME
    </a>
    |
    <a href="schedule.html">
     ENGLISH 88 READING LIST
    </a>
    |
    <a href="hot.html">
     POETRY NEWS
    </a>
    |
    <a href="../home.html">
     FILREIS HOME
    </a>
   </b>
   <p>
    <!-- Google CSE Search Box Begins  -->
   </p>
   <form action="http://www.google.com/cse" id="searchbox_002685536534722764548:rt9wpadrjcy">
    <input name="cx" type="hidden" value="002685536534722764548:rt9wpadrjcy"/>
    <input name="cof" type="hidden" value="FORID:0"/>
    <input name="q" size="40" type="text"/>
    <input name="sa" type="submit" value="Search"/>
   </form>
   <script src="http://www.google.com/coop/cse/brand?form=searchbox_002685536534722764548%3Art9wpadrjcy" type="text/javascript">
   </script>
   <!-- Google CSE Search Box Ends -->
  </center>
  <hr/>
  <p>
   Document URL: http://www.english.upenn.edu/~afilreis/88/scottsboro.html
   <br/>
   Last modified: Wednesday, 18-Jul-2007 16:28:28 EDT
  </p>
 </body>
</html>