<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
 <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8"/>
  <meta content="width=device-width" name="viewport"/>
  <meta content="IE=edge,chrome=1" http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible"/>
  <title>
   Hotels in Delhi, Top Luxury Hotels in Delhi, Guest Houses in Delhi
  </title>
  <meta content="Top Hotels in Delhi, Luxury Hotels in Delhi, Budget hotels in delhi, List of famous hotels in delhi, Holiday Resorts in Delhi, Accommodation in Delhi " name="keywords"/>
  <meta content="Hotels in Delhi - Get the list of hotels in Delhi including luxury and mid-range and budget hotels, guest houses, resorts &amp; bed and breakfast in Delhi along with contact details" name="description"/>
  <link href="http://im.hunt.in/city-guide/css/style.css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <link href="http://im.hunt.in/com/logo.ico" rel="shortcut icon" type="image/x-icon"/>
  <link href="http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans:300italic,400italic,600italic,700italic,800italic,400,600,700,800,300" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="width=device-width , initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1" name="viewport"/>
  <script src="http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.11.1/jquery.min.js">
  </script>
  <style>
   @font-face {
            font-family: 'Samarkan';
            src: url('/font/SAMARN__.eot?v=4.1.0');
            src: url('/font/SAMARN__.eot?#iefix&amp;v=4.1.0') format('embedded-opentype'), url('/font/SAMARN__.woff?v=4.1.0') format('woff'), url('/font/SAMARN__.ttf?v=4.1.0') format('truetype'), url('/font/SAMARN__.svg?v=4.1.0#SAMARN') format('svg');
            font-weight: normal;
            font-style: normal;
        }
  </style>
 </head>
 <body>
  <section>
   <div class="overlay-video">
    <div class="pop-up-video">
     <p class="vid-headin">
      <b>
       Share this on Facebook!
      </b>
     </p>
     <p class="video-heading" id="VideoHeading">
      Hotels in Delhi
     </p>
     <div class="video-image">
      <img id="VideoImage" src=""/>
      <div class="clear-video">
      </div>
     </div>
     <span class="close-video">
      Close
     </span>
     <a class="share-video" href="javascript:void(0)" onclick="FbShare();$('.overlay-video').hide()">
      <i class="fa fa-facebook" style="color: #fff; margin-right: 10px; font-size: 21px;">
      </i>
      Share
     </a>
     <div class="clear-video">
     </div>
    </div>
    <div class="pop-up-video-last">
     <h3 class="video-heading">
      Want more articles like this?
     </h3>
     <div class="video-image">
      <div class="clear-video">
      </div>
      <span>
       Like us on Facebook to get more!
      </span>
      <div class="clear-video">
      </div>
      <div class="fb-like" data-action="like" data-href="https://www.facebook.com/IndiaOnline.in" data-layout="button_count" data-share="false" data-show-faces="true">
      </div>
     </div>
     <span class="close-video-last">
      Close
     </span>
     <div class="clear-video">
     </div>
    </div>
   </div>
   <div class="ArticaL-text">
    <a class="home-icon" href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide" title="Delhi City Guide">
     <i class="fa fa-home">
     </i>
    </a>
    <h1>
     Hotels in Delhi
    </h1>
    <script type="text/javascript">
     //initJQuery();
    </script>
    <div class="aaplink">
     <a class="downloadApp" href="http://mobile.indiaonline.in" target="_blank">
      <b>
       Carry City Guide of 350 cities
      </b>
      on your Mobile -
      <b>
       Download
      </b>
      our
      <i>
       FREE
      </i>
      Mobile App
     </a>
    </div>
    <div class="social">
     <div class="loved-tab lovethis" data-loved="false">
      <small class="lovecontent">
       LOVE THIS
      </small>
      <b class="loveb" id="loveb3">
       1
      </b>
      <i class="fa fa-heart-o">
      </i>
     </div>
     <div class="comment-tab" onclick="FocusDiv()">
      <small>
       COMMENT
      </small>
      <i class="fa fa-comments-o">
      </i>
     </div>
     <div style="float: right; width: auto;">
      <div class="addthis_native_toolbox" style="float: right">
      </div>
     </div>
     <div class="clear">
     </div>
    </div>
    <div class="so-share">
     <ul>
      <li class="fb" onclick="FbShare()">
       <small>
        SHARE THIS
       </small>
       <i class="fa fa-facebook">
       </i>
      </li>
      <li class="tw" onclick="TwShare()">
       <small>
        TWEET THIS
       </small>
       <i class="fa fa-twitter">
       </i>
      </li>
      <li class="gp" onclick="GPlusShare()">
       <small>
        SHARE THIS
       </small>
       <i class="fa fa-google-plus">
       </i>
      </li>
      <li class="cm" onclick="FocusDiv()">
       <small>
        COMMENT
       </small>
       <i class="fa fa-comments-o">
       </i>
      </li>
      <li class="lov lovethis" data-loved="false">
       <small class="lovecontent">
        LOVE THIS
       </small>
       <b class="loveb" id="loveb1">
        1
       </b>
       <i class="fa fa-heart-o">
       </i>
      </li>
      <li class="ml">
       <a href="#" onclick="return addthis_sendto('email');" title="email this to a friend">
        <small>
         E-mail
        </small>
        <i class="fa fa-envelope-o">
        </i>
       </a>
      </li>
     </ul>
    </div>
    <div class="clear">
    </div>
    <div class="g-ads">
     <script async="" src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js">
     </script>
     <!-- Top -->
     <ins class="adsbygoogle" data-ad-client="ca-pub-4718822750504800" data-ad-format="auto" data-ad-slot="8903559061" style="display: block">
     </ins>
     <script>
      (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
     </script>
    </div>
    <div class="clear">
    </div>
    Once you decide on the city to visit, the next most important thing is to book a hotel in the city and if you are planning a trip to Delhi, you will be spoilt with choice. However, at the same time, it is extremely important to book your hotel in advance especially if you are visiting Delhi during peak time (October to March) so that you are note left out in the cold. Delhi has a vast number of hotels that suits the budget for all. If you are coming with family and looking for a luxurious stay, then the five star and seven star hotels in Delhi will provide with extraordinary facilities and hospitality. There are mid-range hotels for tourists who do not wish to spend much, yet want all the modern amenities and especially safety and security. If you are in Delhi for a day and want to stay near the station, then Paharganj area near New Delhi Railway Station offers a lot of options. However, do check out the authenticity of the hotel and the safety measures before booking!
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <h2>
     Luxury Hotels in Delhi (7 star and 5 star Hotels)
    </h2>
    <div style="text-align:center">
     <img alt="Hotels in Delhi" src="http://im.hunt.in/cg/Delhi/New-Delhi/City-Guide/hyatt-regency-hotel-new-delhi.jpg" title="Luxury Hotel in Delhi"/>
    </div>
    <br/>
    Delhi has a number of 5 star and 7 star hotels equipped with all the facilities. All these hotels are luxurious and graceful and have contemporary comforts and amenities. They are reliable and safe and make all efforts to ensure a memorable stay! The rates of all the luxury hotels in Delhi range from Rs13,755 - Rs25,892.
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <h3>
     Taj Group of Hotels in Delhi
    </h3>
    <br/>
    Of all the Taj Group of Hotels is probably one of the best hotels in Delhi. According to Trip Advisor, Taj Mahal Hotel is ranked 5th and Taj Palace Hotel 7th in Delhi. Each suite provides a heightened level of extravaganza with amenities, best of its kind. The pool view of each room with accessibility of 
internet and a personal safe distinguish it from the club rooms 
providing continental breakfast, evening cocktails, Sauna and Jacuzzi 
services.
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <div style="text-align:center">
     <img alt="Luxury Hotel in Delhi" src="http://im.hunt.in/cg/Delhi/New-Delhi/City-Guide/tajhotel.jpg" title="Taj Palace Hotel in Delhi"/>
    </div>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    The deep colors along with the wooden carving, the soft
 silk furnishings, the nature touch amidst the city center, with 
spaciously cosy lounge chairs and bedding to enjoy the comfort of an 
unperturbed sleep is indeed a pleasure to experience. The manicured 
garden with floral motifs are proof of serene exquisiteness. The Taj 
club executive suite being the most adorned portraying the Mughal 
architecture has the richest decorative collection with the finest 
bathroom facilities. The lavish palette of fabric used in the 
Presidential Suite boasts the suite for having the extensive carvings 
with matching interiors.
    <br/>
    <br/>
    The exotic culinary only compliments to 
the varied savor serviced rousing the taste buds. Private dining with 
selected silver plates making the moment precious. In room dining 
facility also available round the clock.Events are time to gather and 
celebrate; Taj offers perfect ambience matching the occasion for the 
Banquet Halls. Social occasions, business meets and conferences are 
organized in the most elegantly, esteemed way. Blending ancient Indian 
techniques with modern-day therapies, Body Essence Spa offers the 
rejuvenation treatment through massages and the aromatherapy. The 
harmony of nature is induced into the body by the experts.
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <iframe allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0" height="510" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ur8EVCXo0Pc" width="854">
    </iframe>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    Unique
 feature of the Taj group is in the plenty of offers on the vial. Like 
the Hotel credits, Taj early bird, Taj Last minute rate, Suite 
celebrations, Luxury Lap at Taj, Suite celebrations provide the best 
booking deals. Away from home on the luxury deal with optimal tariffs by
 choosing the right offers; is a gain for the visitors.
    <br/>
    <b>
     <br/>
     Taj Palace Hotel
    </b>
    <br/>
    2, Sardar Patel Marg, Diplomatic Enclave,
    <br/>
    Chanakya Puri, New Delhi  110021
    <br/>
    (011) 26110202, (011) 26110808, +91 112 6110202 and +91 112 6110808
    <br/>
    Email: palace.delhi@tajhotels.com
    <br/>
    <b>
     Tariff: Rs.11,888 - Rs.25,020
    </b>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <b>
     Taj Mahal Hotel
    </b>
    <br/>
    1, Near Khan Market, Mansingh Road
    <br/>
    Defence Headquarter, New Delhi  110011
    <br/>
    (011) 23026162, (011) 23026070, 1800111825
    <br/>
    <b>
     Tariff: Rs.13,755 - Rs.25,892
     <br/>
    </b>
    <h2>
     <b>
      Other luxury hotels in Delhi include:
     </b>
    </h2>
    <br/>
    <div style=" float:left; width:45%; padding:5px; background:#FDFCDB; border:1px solid #666; margin:10px 0px;">
     <b>
      The Ashok
     </b>
     <br/>
     Diplomatic Enclave, 50-B Chanakayapuri, New Delhi
     <br/>
     Phone: (91-11) 26110101, (91-11) 26116161
     <br/>
     Fax: 26876060, 26873216
     <br/>
     Email: roomreservations@theashok.com
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 7,842 - 10,767
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Imperial
     </b>
     <br/>
     Janpath, New Delhi-110001
     <br/>
     Phone: (91-11) 23341234, 41501234
     <br/>
     Facsimile: (91-11) 23342255
     <br/>
     Email: luxury@theimperialindia.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.theimperialindia.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.theimperialindia.com/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 11,452 - 32,364
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Metropolitan Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Bangla Sahib Road, New Delhi - 110001
     <br/>
     Phone: (91 11) 42500 200
     <br/>
     Fax: (91 11) 42500 300
     <br/>
     Email: info@hotelmetdelhi.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hotelmetdelhi.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.hotelmetdelhi.com/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 6,162 - 11,577
     <b>
      <br/>
      <br/>
      The Oberoi
     </b>
     <br/>
     7, Sham Nath Marg, Delhi-110 054
     <br/>
     Phone: +91-11-2389 0606
     <br/>
     Facsimile : +91-11-2389 0500
     <br/>
     Email: reservations@oberoigroup.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.oberoihotels.com/hotels-in-delhi/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.oberoihotels.com/hotels-in-delhi/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 12,821 - 20,601
     <b>
      <br/>
      <br/>
      The Lalit
     </b>
     <br/>
     Barakhamba Avenue, Connaught Place, New Delhi-110001
     <br/>
     Phone: +91 11 4444 7777
     <br/>
     Fax: +91 11 4444 1234
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.thelalit.com/the-lalit-new-delhi/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.thelalit.com/the-lalit-new-delhi/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 9,025 - 13,879
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hyatt Regency
     </b>
     <br/>
     Bhikaiji Cama Place, Ring Road, New Delhi, India, 110066
     <br/>
     Phone: +91 11 2679 1234
     <br/>
     Fax: +91 11 2679 1122
     <br/>
     Email: delhi.regency@hyatt.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://delhi.regency.hyatt.com/en/hotel/home.html" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://delhi.regency.hyatt.com/en/hotel/home.html
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 8,091 - 15,996
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      ITC Maurya
     </b>
     <br/>
     Diplomatic Enclave, Sardar Patel Marg, New Delhi 110 021
     <br/>
     Phone: (91) (11) 26112233
     <br/>
     Fax : (91) (11) 26113333
     <br/>
     Email : reservations.itcmaurya@itchotels.in
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.itchotels.in/hotels/itcmaurya.aspx" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.itchotels.in/hotels/itcmaurya.aspx
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 11,639 - 19,605
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hilton
     </b>
     <br/>
     Janakpuri District Centre Complex, New Delhi, 110058,
     <br/>
     Phone: 91-11-4123-4123
     <br/>
     Fax: 91-11-4123-4124
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://hiltongardeninn3.hilton.com/en/hotels/india/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://hiltongardeninn3.hilton.com/en/hotels/india/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 7,459 - 12,929
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Centaur Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: Indira Gandhi International Airport
     <br/>
     New Delhi  110037
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91 11 25652223 / 25607575 /
     <br/>
     E-mail: centaurdel@gmail.com, pradeepgarg@centaurhotels.com, chetankak@centaurhotels.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.centaurhotels.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://centaurhotels.com/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,538 - 5,656
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Eros
     </b>
     <br/>
     American Plaza, Nehru Place, New Delhi, 110019
     <br/>
     Phone: 91-11-41223344
     <br/>
     Fax: 91-11-26224288
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.eroshotels.co.in/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.eroshotels.co.in/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 6,224 - 12,323
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Uppal
     </b>
     <br/>
     NH-8, near Indira Gandhi International Airport, New Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: +91 11 4151 1515, 25061515
     <br/>
     Fax: +91 11 4151 1516, 25061516
     <br/>
     Email: info@uppalhotels.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.uppalhotels.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.uppalhotels.com/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,917 - 9,336
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Le Meridien
     </b>
     <br/>
     Windsor Place, New Delhi
     <br/>
     Phone: (91)(11) 2371 0101
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.lemeridiennewdelhi.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.lemeridiennewdelhi.com/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 9,585 - 16,742
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      The Claridges
     </b>
     <br/>
     12 Aurangzeb Road, New Delhi - 110011
     <br/>
     Phone: +91 11 3955 5000
     <br/>
     Fax: +91 11 2301 0625
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.claridges.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.claridges.com/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 11,763 - 18,547
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Park Plaza
     </b>
     <br/>
     Plot 32, Central Business district, Shahdara, Delhi 110095
     <br/>
     Phone: +911145630000
     <br/>
     Fax: +911145630001
     <br/>
     Website: http://www.parkplaza.com/delhi-hotel-in/indshdr
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style=" float:right; width:45%; padding:5px; background:#FDFCDB; border:1px solid #666; margin:10px 0px;">
     <b>
      Shangri-La
     </b>
     <br/>
     19 Ashoka Road, Connaught Place, New Delhi, 110 001
     <br/>
     Phone: (91 11) 4119 1919
     <br/>
     Fax : (91 11) 4119 1988
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.shangri-la.com/newdelhi/erosshangrila/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.shangri-la.com/newdelhi/erosshangrila/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 8,900 - 17,240
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Jaypee Siddharth
     </b>
     <br/>
     3, Rajendra Place, New Delhi 110 008
     <br/>
     Phone: 91-11-2576 0000/4366 2500
     <br/>
     Fax: 91-11-2578 1016
     <br/>
     Email: reservations.jsd@jaypeehotels.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.jaypeehotels.com/siddharth" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.jaypeehotels.com/siddharth
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs.5,577 to Rs.10,531
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Jaypee Vasant Continental
     </b>
     <br/>
     Vasant Vihar, New Delhi 110057
     <br/>
     Phone: 91-11-2614 8800/4600 8800
     <br/>
     Fax: 91-11-2614 5959
     <br/>
     E- Mail: reservations.jvc@jaypeehotels.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.jaypeehotels.com/vasant-continental/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.jaypeehotels.com/vasant-continental/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs. 6,713 - 13,550
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Kempinski Ambience Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     1,CBD, Maharaja Surajmal Road, near Yamuna Sports Complex 110032, Delhi
     <br/>
     Phone: +91 11 4908 8888
     <br/>
     Fax +91 11 4908 8889
     <br/>
     Email: reservations.delhi@kempinski.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.kempinski.com/en/delhi/ambience-hotel/welcome/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.kempinski.com/en/delhi/ambience-hotel/welcome/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 7,220 - 12,012
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Park
     </b>
     <br/>
     15, Parliament Street, New Delhi 110 001
     <br/>
     Phone: + 911 2374 3000
     <br/>
     Facsimile: + 911 2374 4000
     <br/>
     Email: resv.del@theparkhotels.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.theparkhotels.com/new-delhi/new-delhi.html" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.theparkhotels.com/new-delhi/new-delhi.html
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 7,780 - 12,448
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Leela Palace Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Chanakyapuri, Diplomatic Enclave, New Delhi 110023
     <br/>
     Phone: +91 (11) 3933 1234
     <br/>
     Facsimile: +91 (11) 3933 1235
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.theleela.com/locations/new-delhi" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.theleela.com/locations/new-delhi
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 14,315 - 24,087
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Lodhi hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Lodhi Road, New Delhi 110003
     <br/>
     Email: info@thelodhi.com
     <br/>
     Reservations: reservations@thelodhi.com
     <br/>
     India Toll Free Number: 1800 103 7333
     <br/>
     Direct Number: +91 124 4653333
     <br/>
     Telephone : +91-11-43633333
     <br/>
     Facsimile : +91-11-43633335
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.thelodhi.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.thelodhi.com/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 20,290 - 37,032
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Grand
     </b>
     <br/>
     Vasant kunj - Phase II, Nelson Mandela Road, New Delhi 110 070
     <br/>
     Phone: 91-11- 2677 1234
     <br/>
     Fax: 91- 11- 2670 5599
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.thegrandnewdelhi.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.thegrandnewdelhi.com/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 9,460 - 14,315
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Royal Plaza
     </b>
     <br/>
     19, Ashoka Road, New Delhi-110001
     <br/>
     Phone: + 91 11 43555555
     <br/>
     Fax: + 91 11 43555556/43555557
     <br/>
     Reservations:reservations@hoteltheroyalplaza.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hoteltheroyalplaza.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.hoteltheroyalplaza.com/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 6,162 - 8,402
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Surya
     </b>
     <br/>
     New Friends Colony, New Delhi 110025
     <br/>
     Phone: +91 (0) 11 2683 5070 F: +91 (0) 11 2683 5071
     <br/>
     Email: sunny.suri@thesuryaa.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.thesuryaa.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.thesuryaa.com/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 7,033 - 11,141
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Radisson Blue (Multiple locations)
     </b>
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.radissonblu.com/hotel-newdelhi" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.radissonblu.com/hotel-newdelhi
     </a>
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Radisson Blu Plaza Delhi
     </b>
     <br/>
     Near Mahipalpur Extension, Nh 8, 110037, New Delhi
     <br/>
     Phone: +91 1126779191
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 9,087 - 15,996
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Radisson Blu Hotel New Delhi (Paschim Vihar)
     </b>
     <br/>
     Plot No. D, District Centre, Outer Ring Road, Paschim Vihar 110063, New Delhi
     <br/>
     Phone: +91 1146399999
     <br/>
     Rs.6,144 to Rs.7,583
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Radisson Blu Marina Hotel Connaught Place
     </b>
     <br/>
     G-59 Connaught Circus110001, New Delhi
     <br/>
     Phone: +91 1146909090
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs.7,655 - 12,386
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Radisson Blu Hotel New Delhi (Dwarka)
     </b>
     <br/>
     Plot 4, Dwarka City Centre, Sector 13, Dwarka, New Delhi
     <br/>
     Phone : +91 1130908000
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,357 - 17,800
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style="clear:both;height:0px; ">
    </div>
    <h2>
     Mid-Range Hotels in Delhi (4 star and 3 star Hotels)
    </h2>
    The 4 and 3 star hotels are mostly elegant and formal hotels with swanky reception areas and top level front desk service. These hotels have prime locations and are near important tourist attractions in Delhi. Most of the hotels in Delhi offer continental breakfast within their room tariff. These hotels also offer facilities like valet parking, concierge services, swimming pools, spas and gyms. The rates of these hotels range between Rs 5,000 - Rs 10,000
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <div style="text-align:center">
     <img alt="Midrange Hotels in Delhi" src="http://im.hunt.in/cg/Delhi/New-Delhi/City-Guide/janpathhotel.jpeg" title="Hotel Janpath"/>
    </div>
    <br/>
    <div style=" float:left; width:45%; padding:5px; background:#FDFCDB; border:1px solid #666; margin:10px 0px;">
     <b>
      <br/>
      Maidens Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 7, Sham Nath Marg
     <br/>
     Delhi-110054. India
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91 11 2397 5464
     <br/>
     E-mail: Puneet.Narula@maidenshotel.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.maidenshotel.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.maidenshotel.com/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 6,411 - 11,514
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Anila Hotels
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: A - 15, Naraina Vihar, Naraina,
     <br/>
     New Delhi  110028
     <br/>
     Phone No: 011-30011200
     <br/>
     E-mail: info.naraina@anilahotels.in
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.anilahotels.in" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.anilahotels.in
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,673 - 3,854
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Alpina Hotels &amp; Suites
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address:E 506 GK-II,
     <br/>
     New Delhi- 110048
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91 11 40405555
     <br/>
     Email: info@alpinahotels.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.alpinahotels.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.alpinahotels.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,485 - 4,419
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Golden Palms Hotel &amp; Spa
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: Opp. East Delhi Police Headquarter
     <br/>
     Patparganj, New Delhi-110092
     <br/>
     Phone: +91 11 30193100
     <br/>
     E-mail: reception@goldenpalmshotel.net
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.goldenpalmshoteldelhi.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.goldenpalmshoteldelhi.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,735 - 4,102
     <b>
      <br/>
      <br/>
      Hotel Citi Park (Multiple Locations)
     </b>
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.cityparkhotels.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.cityparkhotels.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Hotel City Park
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: Pitam Pura
     <br/>
     New Delhi-110088
     <br/>
     Phone No: 011 42310101
     <br/>
     E-mail: sales@cityparkhotels.com
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,538 - 6,216
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      City Park Green Resort
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: Palla Bhaktawar Pur Road,
     <br/>
     Bakoli, G. T. Karnal Road NH-1
     <br/>
     New Delhi-110039
     <br/>
     Phone No:011-65960101
     <br/>
     Email: citypark.green@gmail.com
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Clark Greens
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: G1 Clark Greens,
     <br/>
     Pushpanjali Farms,Dwarka Link Road
     <br/>
     Bijwasan, New Delhi,Delhi 110037
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91 11 2506 4275
     <br/>
     Web Address:
     <a href="http://hotelclarkgreens.net" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://hotelclarkgreens.net
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,102 - 6,154
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Le Seasons
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address : A- 1A, A Block, Mahipalpur Extension
     <br/>
     (Opp. Aerocity Metro Station), N.H- 8
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 037 (India)
     <br/>
     Phone No: +(91)-(11)-26786671,72,73
     <br/>
     Email: info@hotelleseasons.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hotelleseasons.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.hotelleseasons.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,357 - 4,973
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Regent Grand
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 2/6 East Patel Nagar,
     <br/>
     Opposite Metro Pillar no - 167,
     <br/>
     Near Pusa Road - Karol Bagh,
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110008
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91 11 46011111, +91 9810902122 / 9910902133
     <br/>
     Email ID: info@hotelregentindia.com, regentcontinental@yahoo.co.in
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hotelregentgrand.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.hotelregentgrand.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,227 - 6,464
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Imperial Apartments
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: C3, Site No: 13, Main Ring Road
     <br/>
     Lajpat Nagar III, Near Lal Sai Mandir
     <br/>
     New Delhi  110024, India
     <br/>
     Phone No:+91-11-49977000
     <br/>
     Email: newdelhi@imperialapartments.in
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.imperialapartments.in" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.imperialapartments.in
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,046 - 5,097
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Iris Park
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address : A 1/23 &amp; 24, Safdarjung Enclave, New Delhi 110029, INDIA.
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91-11-43775400
     <br/>
     E-mail : info@irisparkhotels.co
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.irisparkhotels.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.irisparkhotels.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,606 - 5,913
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Madhuban
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: B-71, Near Archana Complex
     <br/>
     Greater Kailash-1
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 048, INDIA
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91 11 4985 4985
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.pepperminthotels.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.pepperminthotels.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,294 - 5,221
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Hotel The Manor
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 77 Friends Colony (West),
     <br/>
     New Delhi 110065
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91-11-4323 5151, 4323 5100, 2692 7510
     <br/>
     E-mail: manor@oldworldhospitality.com, info@themanordelhi.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.themanordelhi.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.themanordelhi.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 7,593 - 12,697
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Mantra Amaltas
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 23, Friends Colony (W)
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110065 (India)
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91 11 49664966, +91 11 49664999
     <br/>
     Email: info@mantraamaltas.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.mantraamaltas.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.mantraamaltas.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,855 - 8,340
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Mapple Hotels, Palaces &amp; Resorts
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 83-A Central Avenue, Sainik Farms,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110 062, INDIA
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91-11-29552045/7/8
     <br/>
     Email : reservations@mapplehotels.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.mapplehotels.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.mapplehotels.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 5,602 - 8,153
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Avalon Resorts Pvt. Ltd.
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: Off. M.G. Road,
     <br/>
     Sultanpur, New Delhi - 110030
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91-11-42224111 / 42224100
     <br/>
     E-mail : reservation@avalon-courtyard.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.vivantabytaj.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.vivantabytaj.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Meridian Plaza
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: R-41,Greater Kailash Part  1
     <br/>
     New Delhi  110048 India
     <br/>
     Phone No:+91-011-46791101  02  03  04
     <br/>
     E-mail: reservations@hotelmeridianplaza.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://hotelmeridianplaza.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://hotelmeridianplaza.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,419 - 5,035
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Palm Dor
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 8595/1 D.B. Gupta Road, Paharganj,
     <br/>
     New Delhi  110055
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91- 11- 45381111 (15 Lines), 32938111
     <br/>
     E-mail: info@palmdor.in
     <br/>
     Web Address:
     <a href="http://palmdor.in/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://palmdor.in/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,929 - 5,788
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Hotel Pals Inn
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 29/6 East Patel Nagar,
     <br/>
     (Main Market), New Delhi 110 008 (INDIA)
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91-11-25785310, 25821315, 42481470, 25732835
     <br/>
     E-mail: booking@palsinn.com, palsinnhome@yahoo.co.in
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.palsinn.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.palsinn.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,051 - 4,102
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Saptagiri
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: L-73/L322, Mahipalpur Extn.,
     <br/>
     National Highway-8,
     <br/>
     Near Indira Gandhi International Airport ,
     <br/>
     New Delhi-110037
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91-11-46160000
     <br/>
     Email: info@hotelsaptagiri.com, sales@hotelsaptagiri.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hotelsaptagiri.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      www.hotelsaptagiri.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,241 - 3,361
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Hotel Southern
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 18/2, Arya Samaj Road, W.E.A Karol Bagh,
     <br/>
     New Delhi-110005 (INDIA)
     <br/>
     Phone No:+(91)+(11)+43532828, 28754210, 28754213, 28756724, 28751075
     <br/>
     E-mail : info@hotelsouthern.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hotelsouthern.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.hotelsouthern.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,805 - 2,925
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Hotel TJS Royale
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address; 16/16, W.E.A. Arya Samaj Road
     <br/>
     Metro Pillar: 88, Opp. Satbhrawan School
     <br/>
     KarolBagh, New Delhi - 110 005, (India)
     <br/>
     Phone No:+ 91-9999213844, + 91-9650107888 , +91-11-45000555
     <br/>
     E-mail:sales@tjsroyale.com, info@tjsroyale.com
     <br/>
     reservation@tjsroyale.co
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.tjsroyale.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.tjsroyale.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,113 - 2,921
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Tourist Deluxe
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 7361, Ram Nagar, Qutub Road,
     <br/>
     Pahar Ganj, New Delhi-110055.
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91 - 11 - 23670985 to 92 (8 Lines),
     <br/>
     Email: info@hoteltouristdeluxe.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.touristhotelsdelhi.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.touristhotelsdelhi.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,865 - 3,170
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Dee Marks Hotel &amp; Resorts
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: Near Radisson Hotel,
     <br/>
     Adjoining Shiv Murti
     <br/>
     National Highway-8,
     <br/>
     New Delhi, PIN-110037.
     <br/>
     Phone No: 0091 11 25060721-24
     <br/>
     Email:info@deemarks.com, marketing@deemarks.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.deemarks.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      www.deemarks.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,299 - 4,917
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Kingston
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 9/12 East Patel Nagar Opp Hotel Siddharth
     <br/>
     New Delhi-110008 (India)
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91-11-45085526,45095526, 25814147/48/49
     <br/>
     E-mail: hotelkingstonindia@gmail.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.kingstonhotels.in" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      www.kingstonhotels.in
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,424 - 3,481
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style=" float:right; width:45%; padding:5px; background:#FDFCDB; border:1px solid #666; margin:10px 0px;">
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel The Visaya
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: N 82 Panchshila Park
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110017 (INDIA)
     <br/>
     Phone No: + 91 11 431.90.000
     <br/>
     E-mail: info@thevisaya.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.thevisaya.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.thevisaya.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,662 - 10,567
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Janpath Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: Janpath
     <br/>
     New Delhi-110001
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91-11-23340070, 91-11-23452801
     <br/>
     E-mail: thejanpath@theashokgroup.com, hotel_janpath@yahoo.co.in
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.theashokgroup.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.theashokgroup.com/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 6,340 - 10,567
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Amara Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: C-30, Greater Kailash, Part-1,
     <br/>
     New Delhi  110048, India
     <br/>
     Phone No: 91-11-49813030
     <br/>
     Fax No.: 91-11-49813040
     <br/>
     Email: reservations@hotelamara.com , sales@hotelamara.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hotelamara.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.hotelamara.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,925 - 8,796
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Almondz Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 4/3 East Patel Nagar,
     <br/>
     Near Metro Pillar No 171,
     <br/>
     New Delhi-110008, India.
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91)11-45580004 , (91)11-8800557793.
     <br/>
     Email: info@almondzhotel.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.almondzhotel.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.almondzhotel.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,610 - 6,224
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Airport Residency
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: Dwarka Link Road, Off NH 8, Old Gurgaon Road,
     <br/>
     Samalkha, New Delhi  110037, India.
     <br/>
     Phone No: (+91) 47 12 22 22, 47 12 22 25, 98 99 88 61 75.
     <br/>
     Email: info@airportresidency.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.airportresidency.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.airportresidency.com/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,170 - 5,290
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The BMK Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: B-3, Greater Kailash Enclave - 1
     <br/>
     New Delhi  110048, India
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91.11.46566660
     <br/>
     Fax No: +91.11.26242939
     <br/>
     Email: gm@thebmkhotel.com, sales@brightstarinn.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://thebmkhotel.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://thebmkhotel.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,108 - 3,792
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel China Town
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 12A/15 W.E.A , SARASWATI MARG ,
     <br/>
     Karol Bagh New Delhi-11005
     <br/>
     Phone No:011-49095555 (100 Lines)
     <br/>
     Email: hotelchinatown@hotmail.com,sales@hotelchinatown.in
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hotelchinatown.in" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.hotelchinatown.in
     </a>
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Corus Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: B-49, Inner Circle
     <br/>
     Connaught Place, New Delhi - 110001
     <br/>
     Phone No : 011-43652222
     <br/>
     Fax : 011-43652244
     <br/>
     E-mail : - info@hotelcorus.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hotelcorus.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.hotelcorus.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,600 - 6,900
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Cosy Grand
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 13, Aradhana Enclave,
     <br/>
     Sector - 13, R. K. Puram,
     <br/>
     New Delhi  110066
     <br/>
     Phone no: +91 11 24105834,+91 11 24105835,+91 11 24105836
     <br/>
     E-mail: info@cosygrand.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.cosygrand.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      www.cosygrand.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,792 - 4,538
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Florence Inn
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address:15 A/6 WEA, Ajmal Khan Road,
     <br/>
     Near Karol Bagh Metro Station,
     <br/>
     Opposite Puja Park, Karol Bagh,
     <br/>
     New Delhi-110005
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91-11- 45025500
     <br/>
     Fax : +91-11- 42502108
     <br/>
     Email: resvn@florencegroup.in, sales@florencegroup.in, gm@florencegroup.in
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.florencegroup.in" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.florencegroup.in
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,236 - 4,108
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Florence
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 2719, Bank Street,
     <br/>
     Adjacent to RC Jewelers,
     <br/>
     Behind Karol Bagh Police Station,Karol Bagh
     <br/>
     New Delhi-110005
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91-11- 47144714
     <br/>
     Fax : +91-11- 41545675
     <br/>
     Email: resvn@florencegroup.in, sales@florencegroup.in, gm@florencegroup.in
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,543 - 4,600
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Grand President
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 17A / 8, W.E.A. Karol Bagh
     <br/>
     New Delhi 110005
     <br/>
     Phone No: + 91 11 45064780, 45064781
     <br/>
     Email: grandpresident@gmail.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.grandpresident.in/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.grandpresident.in/
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,743 - 2,552
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Aravali Villa
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: F.H.1, Bandh Road, N.H.-8, Rajokari,
     <br/>
     New Delhi  110038
     <br/>
     Phone No: 011 - 25061630, 25069593, 09958954974
     <br/>
     Email -info@aravelivilla.in
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.aravelivilla.in" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.aravelivilla.in
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 7,967 - 8,153
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel B. B. Palace
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address : 2638-2642, Bank Street, Gurudwara Road
     <br/>
     Karol Bagh, New Delhi  110005
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91 - 011  47613500,+91 9213098479, 9213098480
     <br/>
     E-mail: sales@hotelbbpalace.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hotelbbpalace.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.hotelbbpalace.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,430 - 3,357
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Hotel Bonlon Inn
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 7A/39, W.E.A., Channa Market, Karol Bagh,
     <br/>
     New Delhi-110005
     <br/>
     Phone No: 011-47532790-99
     <br/>
     E-mail: query@hotelbonloninn.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://hotelbonloninn.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://hotelbonloninn.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,554 - 3,481
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Hotel Castle Blue
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address : A-109, Road No-5
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur Extention
     <br/>
     Delhi-110037,
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91-11-267815-82/83/84, +91-9811144265,9999577278
     <br/>
     Email : info@hotelcastleblue.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hotelcastleblue.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.hotelcastleblue.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,305 - 2,486
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Citi International
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 8/20 W.E.A Karol Bagh
     <br/>
     (Left to metro pillar no. 88)
     <br/>
     New Delhi 110005
     <br/>
     Phone: +91-11-43700000 , +91-11-28750022 / 28750077
     <br/>
     Fax : +91-11-28750066
     <br/>
     E-Mail: info@hotelcitiinternational.com, sales@hotelcitiinternational.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hotelcitiinternational.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.hotelcitiinternational.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,424 - 3,481
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Clark Heights
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 1/1 West Patel Nagar, Opp. Metro Pillar No. 209,
     <br/>
     New Delhi  110008
     <br/>
     Phone No: 91-11-45671444 , 91-11-25881444
     <br/>
     Mobile: +91-9910135917
     <br/>
     E-mail: sales@clarkhotels.com, reservations@clarkhotels.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.clarkhotels.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.clarkhotels.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,362 - 4,662
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Elegance
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 7885/34 Ara Kashan Road
     <br/>
     Pahar Ganj New Delhi-110055
     <br/>
     Phone No: 011 23535453, 23535101
     <br/>
     Email: info@hotelelegance.in
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://hotelelegance.in" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://hotelelegance.in
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,803 - 2,176
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Hanuwant Palace
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: Hotel Hanuwant Palace
     <br/>
     A-31/2, Mahipalpur Extn.
     <br/>
     New Delhi-110037(India)
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91-11-26788499, +91-11-26788599, +91-11-26788699
     <br/>
     E-mail:- info@hanuwantpalace.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hanuwantpalace.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.hanuwantpalace.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,367 - 3,046
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Hotel Lohmod
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: A-292 Mahipalpur Ext. National Highway No.8
     <br/>
     Opp. Indra Gandhi International Airport,
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110037 India
     <br/>
     Phone No: +91 -11 - 46111666(30 lines)
     <br/>
     Fax: :+91-11-46111667
     <br/>
     E-mail : sales@hotellohmod.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hotellohmod.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.hotellohmod.com
     </a>
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,678 - 2,984
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Royal Plaza
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: 19, Ashoka Road, New Delhi-110001, India
     <br/>
     Phone No: + 91 11 43555555,+ 91 11 43555556 / 43555557
     <br/>
     Email: info@hoteltheroyalplaza.com
     <br/>
     Website:
     <a href="http://www.hoteltheroyalplaza.com" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
      http://www.hoteltheroyalplaza.com
     </a>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Tariff: Rs 6,162 - 8,402
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     <br/>
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style="clear:both;height:0px; ">
    </div>
    <br/>
    <h2>
     Budget Hotels in Delhi
     <br/>
    </h2>
    <div style="text-align:center">
     <img alt="Budget Hotels in Delhi" src="http://im.hunt.in/cg/Delhi/New-Delhi/City-Guide/budget-hotel-coimbatore.jpg" title="Cheap Hotel in Delhi"/>
    </div>
    <br/>
    Delhi houses a lot of budget hotels, which extend rooms at affordable cost and other essential facilities that offer travelers a tremendous experience. Yes, the deluxe hotels have modernistic facilities, terrific ambiance and other high-priced options but cheap hotels in Delhi entertain their own advantages in many ways. The greatest advantage of budget hotels in Delhi is the reality that they afford personalized customer service, homelike atmosphere and offer other essential facilities and receive the guests with warmth and pleasure.
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <div style=" float:left; width:45%; padding:5px; background:#FDFCDB; border:1px solid #666; margin:10px 0px;">
     <b>
      Hotel Sunrise Blue
     </b>
     <br/>
     A-112 A&amp;B, Near Airport, Gali no 3, Mahipalpur,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66743687
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 746 - 932
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Guru Vas Inn
     </b>
     <br/>
     1049, Near New Delhi Railway Station Gate No 1
     <br/>
     Main Bazar,Pahar Ganj, Pahar Ganj
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66745268
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,307 - 1,805
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Silver Palace Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     614, Mantola Gali, Pahar Ganj,
     <br/>
     Near New Delhi Railway Station, Pahar Ganj
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66431140
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,854 - 4,289
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Swisston Inn
     </b>
     <br/>
     8433,Street No -1, Behind Bank Of India,
     <br/>
     Db Gupta Rd, Pahar Ganj,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66535525
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,989 - 2,051
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Lloyd Residency
     </b>
     <br/>
     C-6,Lloyd House, Near Police Station, Kalkaji,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110019
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66227473
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,424 - 3,667
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Sangam Palace
     </b>
     <br/>
     A-337,Meera Bagh, Paschim Vihar,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110063
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66437854
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Tower Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     4-Dp Blk, Local Shopping Centre, Opp Police Post, Pitampura,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110034
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 27312989
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Landmark Inn
     </b>
     <br/>
     10184, Near Bikaner Wala, Main Arya Samaj Road, Karol Bagh,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110005
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 41450450
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,026 - 4,087
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Green Castle Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     1418, Near To Kahmere Gate Metro Station, Nicholson Rd, Kashmere Gate,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110006
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 23914735
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,743 - 2,178
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Roxy Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     2261-64, Near Imperial Cinema, Chuna Mandi, Rajguru Road, Pahar Ganj,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 41541714
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 996 - 1,805
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Richa Palace Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     B-109, Nr Defence Clny Flyover Mkt,Part -1, Lajpat Nagar,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110024
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 41727325
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Chinar Plaza Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     4/67, Near Metro Station, Sarawati Marg Krishna Market, Karol Bagh,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110005
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 45688923
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs Rs.501 - Rs.1000
     <br/>
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style=" float:right; width:45%; padding:5px; background:#FDFCDB; border:1px solid #666; margin:10px 0px;">
     <br/>
     <b>
      Singh Empire Deluxe Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     8707-8710, D B Gupta Road, Pahar Ganj,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 47999999
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,058 - 1,867
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Cartel Palace
     </b>
     <br/>
     8a/49, Wea Chana Mkt, Karol Bagh,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110005
     <br/>
     Phone: 9810802501
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,803 - 2,486
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Krishna Residency
     </b>
     <br/>
     K-252, Near Hare Rama Krishna Mandir, East Of Kailash,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110065
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 46506701
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,695 - 2,394
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Maharaj Palace Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     5092, DEV Ngr, Pyarelal Rd, Karol Bagh,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110005
     <br/>
     Call: 9654561101
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Gaurav Continental
     </b>
     <br/>
     A-139, Road No -4, Mahipalpur,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66227417
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,182 - 1,804
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Nest Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Corner House, 11, Kutub Road, Pahar Ganj,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 23527283
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,000 - 1,800
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      SKS Hospitality Services
     </b>
     <br/>
     Hotel Leo Continental 3357
     <br/>
     Gali Hari Mandir Marg, Pahar Ganj,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66430532
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Punnus South Indian Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Shop No 10, Opp H Blk,Nahar Singh Mkt, Palam Vihar, Delhi - 122017
     <br/>
     Phone: 8800682301
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,743 - 2,925
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Singh Palace
     </b>
     <br/>
     34/1, opposite post office, Angoori gatha, Ajmeri Gate,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110006
     <br/>
     Phone:(011) 23230136
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,241 - 3,050
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Shell Deluxe
     </b>
     <br/>
     8126-29, Arakshan Road, Pahar Ganj, Pahar Ganj,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66749452
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 400 - 1,000
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Pranshu Inn Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     803, Main bazar, Chandi wali, Pahar Ganj,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: 9953930247
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Metro Heights Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     8/35-36, W E A, Padam Singh Rd., Karol Bagh,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110005
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 42955555
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,178 - 3,361
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Kelson Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     2261 &amp; 67, Chuna Mandi,Near Ram Krishna Ashram Marg Metro Station,
     <br/>
     Rajguru Road, Pahar Ganj,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 41541020
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 871 - 1,307
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Dewan Palace
     </b>
     <br/>
     8220/6, Arakashan Road, Pahar Ganj,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66538981
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style="clear:both;height:0px; ">
    </div>
    <div style=" float:right; width:45%; padding:5px; background:#FDFCDB; border:1px solid #666; margin:10px 0px 10px 10px;">
     <h3>
      <b>
       Tips on choosing the right hotel in Delhi
      </b>
     </h3>
     <br/>
     <ul>
      <li>
       Check availability of the room online and book in advance to avoid disappointment especially if you are visiting around Diwali, Christmas or New Year
       <br/>
       <br/>
      </li>
      <li>
       Choose a hotel in central Delhi as it is close to most of the tourist attractions
       <br/>
       <br/>
      </li>
      <li>
       Keep safety first and therefore do not go through any random agent. Go through our
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/travel-agents-in-delhi" target="_blank">
        travel agents
       </a>
       or book directly
       <br/>
       <br/>
      </li>
      <li>
       All hotels even budget hotels accept credit card
       <br/>
       <br/>
      </li>
      <li>
       To get a flavor of local life, choose Bed and Breakfast options
       <br/>
       <br/>
      </li>
      <li>
       Go for CP (Continental Plan) while choosing rooms. You should taste Delhi food outside of your hotel
       <br/>
       <br/>
      </li>
      <li>
       Go for package deals if you are staying for a fixed number of days as it will be cheaper
       <br/>
       <br/>
      </li>
      <li>
       If possible, opt for off-season travel in Delhi as you will get better deals
      </li>
     </ul>
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style=" float:left; width:45%;">
     <h2>
      Guest Houses in Delhi
     </h2>
     <br/>
     Guest house are paying houses offering accommodations to paying guests. Guest house are small space houses which are inexpensive accommodation that allows guests to stay for a particular period of time and also allows foreign tourists to stay comfortably and visit India. Guesthouses are mostly seen as a budget choice among traveler and the services and facilities offered may vary from place to place.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Factors that you have to keep in mind for selecting the houses include location, transport and easy accessibility, rates and ofcourse comfort. Most guest houses in Delhi offer you a home away from home experience.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <h3>
      Guest Houses in Central Delhi
     </h3>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Connaught Place
     </b>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Asian Guest House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address:
     <b>
     </b>
     14, Scindia House, Second Floor Kasturba Gandhi Marg
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 001
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone: Tel:+(91)-(11) - 23313393, 23314658
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,307 - 1,307
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Amit Guest House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: H 35/3, Connaught Circus
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 001
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone: Tel:+(91)-(11) - 23322043
     <br/>
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style="clear:both;height:0px; ">
    </div>
    <div style=" float:left; width:45%;">
     <b>
      Dawar Villa
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: 50 Todar Mal Road Bengali Market
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 001
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone: Tel:+(91)-(11) - 9811443609
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,181 - 2,362
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Pragati Maidan
     </b>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Maharani Guest House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: 3, Sunder Nagar
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 003
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone:Tel:+(91)-(11) - 2435 9521
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <h3>
      <b>
       Guest Houses in Chandni Chowk
      </b>
      <br/>
     </h3>
     <b>
      Krishna Guest House
     </b>
     :
     <b>
      <br/>
      Address
     </b>
     : 1881, Haveli Jugal Kishore,
     <br/>
     Opposite Haldi Ram,
     <br/>
     Chandni Chowk
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110 006
     <br/>
     Phone: 23276430, 23255475
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hare Krishna Guest House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: 1572-73, Main Bazar,
     <br/>
     Pahar Ganj
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 001
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone:23589188, 41541341
     <br/>
     Fax: 41541389
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 685 - 1,120
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      HKC Guest House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: H - 35/3, Con. Circus
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 001
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone: +(91)-(11) - 23322043, 55355350
     <br/>
     Fax:+(91)-(11) - 23326949
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Lutyens Guest House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: 39, Prithviraj Road
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 003
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone: (91)-(11) - 24611341, 24625716, 24694523
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Karol Bagh
     </b>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Master Guest House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: R-500, New Rajinder Nagar
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 060
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone: (91)-(11) - 28741089, 28741914
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      La Sagrita Tourist Home
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: 14, Sunder Nagar
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 003
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone:(91)-(11) - 24359541, 24358572
     <br/>
     Fax:+(91)-(11) - 2435 6956
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,858 - 8,159
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <h3>
      <b>
       Guest Houses in West Delhi
      </b>
     </h3>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Janakpuri
     </b>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Ajanta Guest House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: WZ-491, M.S.Block, Hari Nagar,
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 064
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone: +(91)-(11) 25128937 | 25128948
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 685 - 996
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <h3>
      <font size="4">
       <b>
        Guest Houses in South Delhi
       </b>
      </font>
      <br/>
     </h3>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Greater Kailash
     </b>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Pamposh Guest House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: M - 83 Greater Kailash II
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 048
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone: Tel:+(91)-(11) - 29213081, 29210152
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,427 - 3,236
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style="float: right; width: 45%; padding: 5px; background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% rgb(253, 252, 219); border: 1px solid rgb(102, 102, 102); margin: 10px 0px;">
     <div align="center">
      <h3>
       <b>
        Monuments you must Visit
       </b>
       <b>
        in Delhi
       </b>
      </h3>
     </div>
     <br/>
     <ul>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/humayun-tomb" target="_blank">
        Humayun's Tomb
       </a>
      </li>
      <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/tughlaqabad-fort">
      </a>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/tughlaqabad-fort" target="_blank">
        Tughlaqabad Fort
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/shanti-van" target="_blank">
        Shanti Van
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/safdarjung-tomb" target="_blank">
        Safdarjung Tomb
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/red-fort">
        Red Fort
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/qutub-minar">
        Qutub Minar
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/siri-fort">
        Siri Fort
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/jantar-mantar" target="_blank">
        Jantar Mantar
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/purana-qila">
        Purana Qila
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/khan-i-khanan-tomb-in-delhi">
        Khan-i-Khanan Tomb
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/lodi-tomb">
        Lodi Tomb
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/agrasen-ki-baoli" target="_blank">
        Agrasen ki Baoli
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/raj-ghat" target="_blank">
        Rajghat
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/rashtrapati-bhavan">
        Rashtrapati Bhavan
       </a>
      </li>
     </ul>
    </div>
    <div style=" float:right; width:45%; padding:5px; background:#FDFCDB; border:1px solid #666; margin:10px 0px 10px 10px ;">
     <h3>
      Delhi Hotels with Best Spa
     </h3>
     <p>
      <br/>
      <b>
       The Lodhi Spa
      </b>
      <br/>
      The Lodhi, Lodhi Rd, New Delhi-03
      <br/>
      <b>
       <br/>
       Jiva Spa
      </b>
      <br/>
      Taj Mahal Hotel, Sardar Patel Marg, Diplomatic Enclave, New Delhi-21
      <br/>
      <b>
       <br/>
       Amatrra Spa
      </b>
      <br/>
      The Ashok, Diplomatic Enclave,
      <br/>
      50 B Chanakyapuri, New Delhi-21
      <br/>
      <br/>
      <b>
       The Oberoi Spa
      </b>
      <br/>
      Dr Zakir Hussain Marg, New Delhi-03
      <br/>
      <br/>
      <b>
       The Shangri-La Spa
      </b>
      <br/>
      19 Ashoka Road, Connaught Place, New Delhi-01
      <br/>
      <br/>
      <b>
       Aura Spa
      </b>
      <br/>
      The Park, 15 Parliament St, New Delhi-01
      <br/>
      <br/>
      <b>
       Spa Oasis
      </b>
      <br/>
      The Grand, Nelson Mandela Road, Phase II, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-70
      <br/>
      <b>
       <br/>
       The Imperial Spa &amp; Salon
      </b>
      <br/>
      The Imperial, Janpath Lane, Connaught Place, New Delhi-01
      <br/>
      <br/>
      <b>
       R The Spa
      </b>
      <br/>
      Near Mahipalpur, Extension Nh 8, New Delhi-37
     </p>
     <h3>
      <b>
       Guest Houses in East Delhi
      </b>
     </h3>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Preet Vihar
     </b>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Thikana Guest House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: 19, Vikas Marg,Veer Savarkar Block,
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 092
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone: Tel: 22045967, 22540990, 22531096
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Solitaire Guest House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: A-135-138,Vikas Mg, Shakarpur,
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 092
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone: Tel:+(91)-(11) 42486144, 30970444
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style="clear:both;height:0px; ">
    </div>
    <div style=" float:left; width:45%;">
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Nehru Place
     </b>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Delhaven Guest House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: A 1/72 Panchsheel Enclave
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 017
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone:Tel:+(91)-(11) - 9810899934
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Lajpat Nagar
     </b>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Amar Inn
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: K 102, Lajpat Nagar - II
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 024
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone: +(91)-(11) - 29839022, 2622/9623
     <br/>
     Fax:+(91)-(11) - 29841702/5332
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Anmol Guest House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: 15, Gali Mandir Wali,
     <br/>
     Yusuf Sarai,
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110016
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone: +(91)-(11) 26166150
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,121 - 1,183
     <br/>
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style=" float:right; width:45%; padding:5px; background:#FDFCDB; border:1px solid #666; margin:10px 0px;">
     <div align="center">
      <h3>
       <b>
        Museums you must visit in Delhi
       </b>
      </h3>
     </div>
     <ul>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/crafts-museum-delhi" target="_blank">
        Crafts Museum
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/indira-gandhi-memorial" target="_blank">
        Indira Gandhi Museum
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/metro-museum-in-delhi" target="_blank">
        Metro Museum
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/national-gallery-of-modern-art">
        National Gallery of Modern art
       </a>
       <br/>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/national-science-centre" target="_blank">
        National Science Centre
       </a>
       <br/>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/national-gallery-of-modern-art" target="_blank">
        National Gallery of Modern Art
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/gandhi-museum" target="_blank">
        National Gandhi Museum
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/national-museum-delhi" target="_blank">
        National Museum
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/national-museum-of-natural-history" target="_blank">
        National Museum of Natural History
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/rail-museum-delhi" target="_blank">
        National Rail Museum
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/national-science-centre" target="_blank">
        National Science Center
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/sangeet-natak-academy" target="_blank">
        Sangeet Natak Academy Museum
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/delhi-dolls-museum" target="_blank">
        Shankars International Dolls Museum
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/sulabh-international-museum-of-toilets-in-delhi" target="_blank">
        Sulabh International Museum of Toilets
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/tribal-museum-in-delhi" target="_blank">
        Tribal Museum
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/archaeological-museum" target="_blank">
        Archeological Museum
       </a>
      </li>
     </ul>
    </div>
    <div style=" clear:both;">
    </div>
    <br/>
    <div style="float:left; width:45%">
     <b>
      Lambas House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Address:
     </b>
     C-5, Kalkaji
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 019
     <b>
      <br/>
      Contact Detail:
     </b>
     Tel:+(91)-(11) - 9810624810,
     <br/>
     Fax:+(91)-(11) - 26481476
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,180 - 3,426
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Safdarjung
      <br/>
      On The House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: B-4/120 Safdarjung Enclave
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 029
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone:+(91)-(11) - 46024897/46026044
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,236 - 4,481
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      <b>
       Prakash Guest House
      </b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Address: 147-A/1,Mandir Wali Gali
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 016
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone:+(91)-(11) 26163487
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      South Extension
     </b>
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Melrose Guest House
     </b>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Address:
     </b>
     A-27, South Extention Part-I,
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110 049
     <b>
      <br/>
     </b>
     Phone:+(91)-(11) 26254147, 26257318
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,100
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <h2>
      Bed and Breakfast in Delhi
      <br/>
     </h2>
     <br/>
     People
 from all walks of life and from all over India and abroad visit Delhi 
for various purposes. Be it for studies, business, job opportunities, 
research work or simply to travel - Delhi is one of India's most 
frequented places. It has a wide range of accommodation available for 
people of both high and low economic groups.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <div style="text-align:center">
      <img alt="Bed and Breakfast in Delhi" height="320" src="http://im.hunt.in/cg/Delhi/New-Delhi/City-Guide/bnbdelhi.jpg" title="B &amp; B in Delhi" width="515"/>
     </div>
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style=" float:right; width:45%; padding:5px; background:#FDFCDB; border:1px solid #666; margin:10px 0px;">
     <h3>
      Best Restaurants in Hotels in Delhi
     </h3>
     <b>
      Bukhara, ITC Maurya
     </b>
     <br/>
     Must Try: Dal Bukhara, Sikandari Naan, Barrah Kabab and Malai Tikka
     <br/>
     Meal for 2: Rs 5000 (approx.)
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Spice Route, The Imperial Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Must Try: Malaysian, and Vietnamese cuisines
     <br/>
     Meal for 2: Rs 6000 (approx.)
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Threesixty, The Oberoi
     </b>
     <br/>
     Must Try: Sushi, Yakitori grill
     <br/>
     Meal for 2: Rs 3500 (approx.)
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Jamavar, The Leela Palace
     </b>
     <br/>
     Must Try: South Indian Cuisine
     <br/>
     Meal for 2: Rs 4000 (approx.)
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Wasabi by Morimoto, Taj Mahal Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Must Try: Toro Tartare with Caviar and Fresh Wasabi or the Chilean Sea Bass with Black Bean Sauce
     <br/>
     Meal for 2: Rs 8000 (approx.)
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      T.Ks Oriental Grill, Hyatt Regency
     </b>
     <br/>
     Must Try: Meats and sauses
     <br/>
     Meal for 2: Rs 4000 (approx.)
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      1911, Imperial Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Must Try: Burgers
     <br/>
     Meal for 2: Rs 5000 (approx.)
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style=" clear:both;">
    </div>
    <b>
     Given below is a list of bread and breakfast options in Delhi:
     <br/>
    </b>
    <br/>
    <b>
     BnB Chrysalis
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address: M-6 Saket, New Delhi,
    <br/>
    Features:
 Air-conditioned bedroom,Broad-band &amp; Wi-fi Internet connection, 
Telephone, Colour LCD TV, Electronics, Refrigerator.
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 4,538 - 4,910
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <b>
     Jorbagh BnB
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address: 197 Jor Bagh, New Delhi
    <br/>
    Contact no: 9811079029
    <br/>
    Features: High-Speed Internet, Central AC rooms with attached bathroom
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 4,050 - 5,400
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <b>
     Bed and Chai Guest House
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address: R-55, Top Floor, Greater Kai lash 1
    <br/>
    New Delhi 110 048
    <br/>
    Phone: 011-46066054
    <br/>
    Features: Laundry and taxi services, air-conditionned rooms and dorm
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 850 (for dorm) and Rs 2000-3500 (for rooms)
    <br/>
    Website:
    <a href="http://www.bedandchai.com/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">
     http://www.bedandchai.com/
    </a>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <b>
     Red Maple Bed and Breakfast
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address: 49, Amrit Nagar,South Extension Part I, New Delhi
    <br/>
    Phone: 011-24652474
    <br/>
    Features: Large rooms with attached bathrooms
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 3,419 - 5,035
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <b>
     Tree Of Life
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address: D-193, Saket, New Delhi 110017, India (Minto Road)
    <br/>
    Phone: 9810277699
    <br/>
    Facilities:TV, refrigerator
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 4,165 - 5,905
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <b>
     Saubhag Bed and Breakfast
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address: New Rajinder Nagar, R-668, New Delhi 110060, India
    <br/>
    Features: Television and music facility, organized rooms, warm hospitality
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 4,351 - 4,973
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <b>
     Eleven
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address: 11, Nizamuddin East, New Delhi 110013, India (Nizamuddin)
    <br/>
    Phone: 09811088966
    <br/>
    Features: Satellite television, free internet and free wifi.
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 5,283 - 6,154
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <b>
     Evergreen Delhi Bed and Breakfast
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address: A-153, Defence Colony, New Delhi, India
    <br/>
    Features: Free High-Speed Internet, Free Parking area, room service
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 3,419 - 3,605
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <b>
     Thikana
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address: A-7, khel Gaon Marg, Gulmohar Park area, New Delhi, India
    <br/>
    Features:Homely environment with warm hospitality
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 5,719 - 6,837
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <b>
     Aashiyan Bed &amp; Breakfast
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address:B-133, Panchsheel Geetanjali Road, Shivalik Enclave, New Delhi
    <br/>
    Features:comfortable air-conditioned, well-ventilated rooms with attached bathrooms
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 3,000 - 3,500
    <br/>
    <b>
     <br/>
     G - 49 Bed &amp; Breakfast
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address: G - 49, Nizamuddin West, New Delhi 110013
    <br/>
    Features:WiFi connectivity, ac rooms
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 4,295 - 5,353
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <b>
     Saket Bed and Breakfast
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address: 2nd Floor, D21, Marg 13, Saket (Opp Kotak Mahindra Bank), New Delhi
    <br/>
    Phone: 095 82 872580
    <br/>
    Features:
 Free WiFi In-room Electronic Safes, Air conditioning, heating system in
 all guest rooms, T.V and dish connection, clean, modern en-suite 
bathrooms.
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 4,351 - 4,848
    <br/>
    <b>
     <br/>
     Prakash Kutir B&amp;B
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address: A-34, Hauz Khas, New Delhi 110016, India (Minto Road)
    <br/>
    Features: laundry, taxi hires, free wi-fi on reques, fully equipped kitchen, air conditioned rooms and airy balconies
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 3,172 - 13,001
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <b>
     Lifetree Bed &amp; Breakfast
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address:G-14, part 2 Lajpat Nagar , New Delhi 110024
    <br/>
    Phone:098 11 017308
    <br/>
    Features:Large, airy rooms with attached bathrooms
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <b>
     Shalum Bed and Breakfast
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address: A-32, Sector-6,Dwarka, Plot No.37, New Delhi 110075
    <br/>
    Features: A/C rooms with en-suite bathrooms, LCD TV, Free WiFi, laundry facility, free parking and 24x7 security
    <br/>
    Phone: 09810946389, 919810949876
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 2,673 - 3,232
    <br/>
    <b>
     <br/>
     Slumber Bed &amp; Breakfast
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address: A 3, Ignou Road, I Floor Anupam Enclave Phase I,New Delhi 110030
    <br/>
    Features:2 Private Rooms with dormitories, Free Wi- Fi Internet facility
    <br/>
    Phone: 098999 98193
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 808 - 2,424
    <br/>
    <b>
     <br/>
     Mystique Moments B&amp;B
    </b>
    <br/>
    Address:Opp Santnagar Gurudwara Pitampura, 4203C Rani Bagh,New Delhi, India
    <br/>
    Features: Large airy rooms with warm hospitality
    <br/>
    Phone: 098115 05835
    <br/>
    Tariff: Rs 1,057 - 2,424
    <br/>
    <div align="justify">
     <br/>
     <h2>
      Holiday Resorts in Delhi
     </h2>
     <br/>
     <div style="text-align:center">
      <img alt="Holiday Resorts in Delhi" src="http://im.hunt.in/cg/Delhi/New-Delhi/City-Guide/resortsdelhi.jpg" title="View of a holiday resort in Delhi"/>
     </div>
     <br/>
     Resorts in Delhi are the finest 
possible means to forget about the city stress and to beat the 
monotonous lifestyle as they come as a boon for couples, family and even
 corporate clients. Furthermore, it offers the most effective atmosphere
 to relax as you catch up on some much-needed refreshment.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Family Kingdom
     </b>
     <br/>
     Main Mathura Road, Village Tikri, Ballabgarh,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 121001
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66748669
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Retreat Motel Resort
     </b>
     <br/>
     9, Splash Water Park, Nr Palla MOD, Alipur,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110036
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 27207843
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2000 - Rs 2500
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Surjivan Resorts
     </b>
     <br/>
     D-3/3513, Pkt-D3, Vasant Kunj,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110070
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 26894866
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Pinnacles Resort
     </b>
     <br/>
     B-2/101-B, Nr Kailash Mandir, Safdarjung Enclave,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110029
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 64150201
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Aravali Villa
     </b>
     <br/>
     Fh-1, After Shiv Murti, Bandh Road, A F Rajokri,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110038
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66227045
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 7,967 - 8,153
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Country Club
     </b>
     <br/>
     181/2, Sainik Farms, Delhi - 110062
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 29555972
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Club Mahindra Holidays
     </b>
     <br/>
     Mahindra Holidays &amp; Resorts India Ltd., 2-A, 5th Floor,
     <br/>
     Mahindra Tower, Bhikaji Cama Place,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110066
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 46044702
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Sydney Grand Hotel &amp; Resort
     </b>
     <br/>
     Near By Narela Red Light, Near Sighola Village, G T Karnal Road,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110033
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 27782222
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,863 - 2,987
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Platinum Resort Cum Water Park
     </b>
     <br/>
     Asauda MOD, Delhi Rohtak Highway,
     <br/>
     Nh-10, Bahadurgarh, Near L&amp;T Building,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110006
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66223454
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Mh One Resort
     </b>
     <br/>
     Bakoli, Main G T Karnal Rd, Alipur,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110036
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 27708068
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Mohan Vilaas
     </b>
     <br/>
     6- B Central Market, Opposite Gurudwara Sirash Pur,
     <br/>
     Village Nangli Puna, G T Karnal Road,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110052
     <br/>
     Phone:(011) 27233402
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Avalon Resorts Pvt Ltd
     </b>
     <br/>
     Empire Estate,Sultanpur, M G Rd, Mehrauli,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110030
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 42224111
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Best Western Resort Country Club
     </b>
     <br/>
     1304-1310, Devika Tower 6, Nehru Place,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110019
     <br/>
     Phone:(011) 66223547
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Dalmia Resorts International
     </b>
     <br/>
     4, Scindia House, Connaught Place, Delhi - 110001
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 23314001
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Destination Resorts
     </b>
     <br/>
     607/608,6th Flr,Jaina Tower-2, Distt Centre, Janakpuri,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110058
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 25616679
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Highlandpark Manali (Riverside Mountain Resort)
     </b>
     <br/>
     Nehru Kund, Manali,
     <br/>
     Marketing Office: 23, Sukhdev Vihar, Sukhdev Vihar-Jasola,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110025
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 24503001
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Blue Sapphire / Yadu Green
     </b>
     <br/>
     G T Karnal Road,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110033
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66436415
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Kanatal Resorts &amp; Spa
     </b>
     <br/>
     26/6, Grd Flr, East Patel Nagar,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110008
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 25759925
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Fun Town
     </b>
     <br/>
     Asauda Turn, Delhi Rohtak Road, Rohtak Rd,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110007
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66739940
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Ashok Country Resort
     </b>
     <br/>
     30, Rajokri Road, Kapashera,
     <br/>
     New Delhi- 110 037, India.
     <br/>
     Phone: 2506 4590
     <br/>
     Email: acr@bol.net.in
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,170 - 6,099
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Tivoli Garden Resort Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Chhattarpur Hills, Mehrauli
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110074
     <br/>
     Phone: 26301111,64691111
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 2,927 - 8,159
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      The Muse Sarovar Portico
     </b>
     <br/>
     A-1, Chirag Enclave,
     <br/>
     Nehru Place
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110048
     <br/>
     Phone: 4065 0000
     <br/>
     Fax:4066 1111
     <br/>
     Email: dpo@sarovarhotels.com
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 5,855 - 8,409
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Green Villa Resort
     </b>
     <br/>
     Gate No 2 NH-8 ,Samalkha
     <br/>
     1 KM ahead of Shiv Murti
     <br/>
     New Delhi -110038
     <br/>
     Phone : +91 11 49994400 to 09
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Do not forget to check out the list of hotels in the NCR:
     </b>
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <ul>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.gurgaononline.in/city-guide/hotels-in-gurgaon" target="_blank">
        Hotels in Gurgaon
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.noidaonline.in/city-guide/hotels-in-noida" target="_blank">
        Hotels in Noida
       </a>
      </li>
      <li>
       <a href="http://www.faridabadonline.in/city-guide/hotels-in-faridabad" target="_blank">
        Hotels in Faridabad
       </a>
      </li>
     </ul>
    </div>
    <p>
    </p>
    <div style=" float:left; width:45%; padding:5px; background:#FDFCDB; border:1px solid #666; margin:10px 0px;">
     <h3>
      <b>
       Best Hotels in Connaught Place
      </b>
     </h3>
     <p>
     </p>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Bright
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: M  85, (Outer Circle)
     <br/>
     Connaught Place, Opp. Super Bazar
     <br/>
     New Delhi  110001
     <br/>
     Phone: 09540065678
     <br/>
     Tariff- Rs 5720 (Approx)
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Corus
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address: B-49, Inner Circle, Connaught Place
     <br/>
     New Delhi - 110001
     <br/>
     Phone: 91-11-43652222
     <br/>
     Tariff
     <b>
      
     </b>
     Rs 3000 per night (approx)
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Hotel Alka Classic
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address:
     <b>
     </b>
     Connaught Place, New Delhi
     <br/>
     Phone: 23344328
     <br/>
     Tariff  Package deal of Rs.10000 (approx) for 2 nights 3 days
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Hans Plaza
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address:
     <b>
      <b>
      </b>
     </b>
     15 Barakhamba Road, Connaught Place, New Delhi-110001
     <br/>
     Phone:
     <b>
     </b>
     66150000
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Palace Heights
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address:
     <b>
      <b>
      </b>
     </b>
     D - 26/28, Connaught Place, (Behind ODEON BIG Cinema) New Delhi  110001
     <br/>
     Phone: +91-11-45460000, 43582610/20/30
     <br/>
     Tariff:
     <b>
     </b>
     6,660 - 8,838 (approx)
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Comfort Inn The President
     </b>
     <br/>
     Address:4/23 B Asaf Ali Road, Delhi, IN, 110002
     <br/>
     Phone: 0114949-8900
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 5,730 - 7,474 (approx)
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Central Court Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     N Block, Connaught Circle
     <br/>
     New Delhi 110001
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Host Inn
     </b>
     <br/>
     F-33, Connaught Place
     <br/>
     New Delhi 110001
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Krishna Heritage Inn
     </b>
     <br/>
     A 25/3, 2nd Floor
     <br/>
     Connaught Place
     <br/>
     New Delhi
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Jukaso Down Town
     </b>
     <br/>
     L-Block, Middle Circle
     <br/>
     Connaught Place
     <br/>
     New Delhi 110 001
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Connaught
     </b>
     <br/>
     37, Shaheed Bhagat Singh Marg
     <br/>
     Connaught Place
     <br/>
     New Delhi 110001
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Emarald Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     112 Babar Road
     <br/>
     Connaught Place
     <br/>
     New Delhi 110001
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style=" float:right; width:45%; padding:5px; background:#FDFCDB; border:1px solid #666; margin:10px 0px;">
     <h3>
      <b>
       Hotels near Delhi Airport
      </b>
      <br/>
     </h3>
     <b>
      Radisson BLU Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Near Indira Gandhi International, Near India Liasion Office, National Highway 8,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 2677 9191
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 9,094 - 16,194
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Lemon Tree Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Asset No. 6, Aerocity Hospitality District,
     <br/>
     Indira Gandhi International Airport, New Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: +91 9911701701
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 6,415 - 11,336
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The Corporate Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Plot No.112, Road No.3, Mahipalpur Extension.,
     <br/>
     NH - 8, New Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: +91 9910410000
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,000 - 3,000
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Aarone Residency
     </b>
     <br/>
     91, Kapashera, Bijwasan Road,
     <br/>
     New Delhi 110037, India
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 6626 5127
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,557 - 3,363
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Uppal Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     Near Indira Gandhi International Airport, NH-8, Samalkha, On Dwarka Link Road,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 4151 1515
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,917 - 9,336
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Taurus Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     A-63, Near Indira Gandhi International Airport, NH-8, IGI Airport Road,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur Extension, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 2678 9000
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,177 - 5,793
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Ambrosia
     </b>
     <br/>
     A-217, Khasra No-416, Near IGI Airport, Road No-6,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur Extension, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 2678 3396
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 996 - 1,432
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel City Park
     </b>
     <br/>
     Near Rajokari Fly Over, NH-8,Near Delhi Gurgaon Toll Plaza,
     <br/>
     Kapashera, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 6622 3584
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 3,299 - 8,900
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Shanti Palace
     </b>
     <br/>
     A-67, NH 08,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur Extension, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 6622 3867
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,357 - 7,593
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Rainbow
     </b>
     <br/>
     E 552, Mata Chowk, Near Apra Maruti Showroom, Main Vasant Kunj Road,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 6643 2196
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs.1,388 to Rs.3,944
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel The Crown
     </b>
     <br/>
     268, Near Indira Gandhi International Airport,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 6673 6710
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Hotel Sunrise Blue
     </b>
     <br/>
     A-112 A&amp;B, Near IGI Airport, Gali no 3,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 6674 3687
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 746 - 932
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Ganga International
     </b>
     <br/>
     A-274, Near IGI Airport, NH-8,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur Extension, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 6658 5257
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Umrao Hotels &amp; Resorts
     </b>
     <br/>
     Near Rajokari Crossing, NH 8,
     <br/>
     A F Rajokri, Delhi - 110038
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 4770 7070
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 4,671 - 7,101
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Hotel Transit
     </b>
     <br/>
     A-58, NH 8, near IGI Airport, Road no.4,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone:+91 9958261756
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,992 - 3,423
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Monarch
     </b>
     <br/>
     A 88, Near IGI Airport, Gali No- 2/3,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 6635 8296
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 684 - 1,243
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Gaurav Continental
     </b>
     <br/>
     A 139, Behind Goodluck Hotel, Road No 4,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 6622 8389
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 1,182 - 1,804
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Rainbow
     </b>
     <br/>
     E 552, Mata Chowk, Near Apra Maruti Showroom, Main Vasant Kunj Road,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 6643 2196
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Sunrise Blue
     </b>
     <br/>
     A-112 A&amp;B, Near IGI Airport, Gali no 3,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 6674 3687
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Noratan Palace
     </b>
     <br/>
     A - 27, Near Mahipalpur Red Light, Near IGI Airport, Road No 1,
     <br/>
     Mahipalpur, Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 6674 6758
     <br/>
     Tariff: Rs 932 - 2,176
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Delhi Airport
     </b>
     <br/>
     271/1, Block-A, Near IGI Airport, Mahipalpur Extension,
     <br/>
     Delhi - 110037
     <br/>
     Phone: (011) 66734344
     <br/>
     <br/>
    </div>
    <div style=" float:left; width:45%; padding:5px; background:#FDFCDB; border:1px solid #666; margin:10px 10px 10px 0px;">
     <p>
      <b>
       List of Hotels Near New Delhi Railway Station
      </b>
     </p>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Godwin Deluxe
     </b>
     <br/>
     8501 / 15, Arakashan Road, Ram Nagar, Paharganj, New Delhi, 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: 011 2351 3795
     <br/>
     Rates: From Rs 1000 - Rs 2300
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Krishna Deluxe
     </b>
     <br/>
     43, Arakashan Road, Ram Nagar, Behind Sheila Cinema (New Delhi Railway Station), New Delhi, DL
     <br/>
     Phone: 098 73 371533
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 1000 - Rs 2500
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Sahib Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     43, Arakashan Road, Ram Nagar, Behind Sheila Cinema (New Delhi Railway Station), New Delhi, DL
     <br/>
     Phone: 098 73 371533
     <br/>
     Rates:Rs 1000 - 3000
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Sun Flower Inn
     </b>
     <br/>
     962, Street Kumharan, Near New Delhi Railway Station, Main Bazar, New Delhi, DL
     <br/>
     Phone: 011-65094167
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500 - Rs 895
     <br/>
     <b>
      <br/>
      Hotel India Continental
     </b>
     <br/>
     962, Street Kumharan, Near New Delhi Railway Station, Main Bazar, New Delhi, DL
     <br/>
     Phone: 011 6509 4167
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 1000
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Karan Place
     </b>
     <br/>
     101/103, Krishna Gali, Opposite New Delhi Railway Station, Krishna Gali, New Delhi, DL
     <br/>
     Phone: 011 4169 8849
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 2000
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Indo Continental Hotel
     </b>
     <br/>
     8490, Arya Nagar, Paharganj, New Delhi, DL
     <br/>
     Phone: 011 2362 0732
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 1110
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Mohak Palace Deluxe
     </b>
     <br/>
     Multani Dhanda, Paharganj, New Delhi
     <br/>
     Phone: 011 2361 4032
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 680
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Ajanta
     </b>
     <br/>
     8647, Arakashan Road, Ram Nagar, Paharganj, Opposite New Delhi Railway Station New Delhi, DL 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: 088 00 544466
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 1879
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Arjun
     </b>
     <br/>
     5084, Arjun Dass Marke, Main Bazar, Pahar Ganj New Delhi, DL 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: 011 2356 1476
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 1161
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Delhi City Centre
     </b>
     <br/>
     8633-45, Arakashan Road,Behind Ajanta Hotel,Ram Nagar New Delhi, Delhi 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: 099 90 001122
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 1111
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Elegance
     </b>
     <br/>
     7885/34 Arakashan Road, Pahar Ganj New Delhi-110055
     <br/>
     Phone: 011 23535453,23535101
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 1899
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Today International
     </b>
     <br/>
     3/11, D. B. Gupta Road, Pahar Ganj, New Delhi 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: 011 2363 2801
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 1100
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Grand Godwin
     </b>
     <br/>
     8502 / 41 Arakashan Road, Ram Nagar, Paharganj New Dehi-110055 (India)
     <br/>
     Phone: 011 2354 6891
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 2242
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Aira Xing
     </b>
     <br/>
     1/5, Deshbandhu Gupta Road,, Opposite Paharganj, Police Station&amp; Desh Bandhu Gupta Rd, Motia Khan, Sadar Bazaar, New Delhi, DL 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: 011 2351 8200
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 1275
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Yuvraj Deluxe
     </b>
     <br/>
     38 Arakashan Road, Ram Nagar, New Delhi, DL 110055
     <br/>
     Phone: 0113544053
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 1093
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Singh Empire Dx
     </b>
     <br/>
     8707-8710, D.B. Gupta Road, Pahar Ganj, New Delhi-55
     <br/>
     Phone: 011 - 47999999- 41541948
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 1311
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Bloomrooms
     </b>
     <br/>
     8591 Arakashan Road, Opp. New Delhi Railway Station, New Delhi
     <br/>
     Phone: 011 4017 4017
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 2015
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      Hotel Hari Piorko
     </b>
     <br/>
     4775, Main Bazaar, Near 6 Tooti Chowk, Paharganj, New Delhi-110055
     <br/>
     Phone: 011 2358 7888
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 500  - Rs 1743
     <br/>
     <br/>
     <b>
      The White Klove
     </b>
     <br/>
     1563 Laxmi Naraya Street, Near Imperial Cinema Behind Ramakrishna Metro Station Panchkuian Road, Paharganj, New Delhi
     <br/>
     Phone: 011 4100 0359
     <br/>
     Rates: Rs 1000  - Rs 1955
     <br/>
     <br/>
    </div>
    <br/>
    <a href="http://www.faridabadonline.in/city-guide/hotels-in-faridabad" target="_blank">
    </a>
    <input id="NewsId" name="articleid" type="hidden" value="32972"/>
    <div class="clear">
    </div>
    <br/>
    <div class="m-g-ads">
     <script async="" src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js">
     </script>
     <!-- Top -->
     <ins class="adsbygoogle" data-ad-client="ca-pub-4718822750504800" data-ad-format="auto" data-ad-slot="8903559061" style="display: block">
     </ins>
     <script>
      (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
     </script>
    </div>
    <div class="clear">
    </div>
    <div class="rt">
     <div class="share-this">
      <label>
       Share this with your friends
      </label>
      <div class="flike-box">
       <div class="fb-like" data-action="like" data-href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/hotels-in-delhi" data-layout="button_count" data-share="false" data-show-faces="false">
       </div>
      </div>
     </div>
     <div class="Views" id="Views" style="float: right;">
      <i class="fa fa-eye">
      </i>
      813
     </div>
    </div>
    <div class="subscribe">
     <h2>
      Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter
     </h2>
     <div class="row-sb">
      <input class="iemailids" id="iemailid" maxlength="250" placeholder="Enter Your Email Id " runat="server" type="text"/>
     </div>
     <div class="row-sb">
      <input class="capts" id="capt" maxlength="4" placeholder="Enter Code" runat="server" type="text"/>
      <input alternatetext="Captcha Image" class="CaptchaImages" id="CaptchaImage" onclick="return ChangeImage();" src="/captcha/captcha.aspx" style="cursor: pointer;" type="image"/>
      <img onclick="return ChangeImage();" src="http://im.hunt.in/com/captcha/refresh.png" style="float:left; margin-top:5px; width:15px; height:15px; cursor:pointer;"/>
     </div>
     <div class="row-sb">
      <!--&lt;input type="button" class="btnemail" id="btnemail" value="Subscribe" onclick="NewsClick();" /&gt;-->
      <input class="btnemail" id="btnemail" onclick="NewsClick('&lt;%= iemailid.ClientID %&gt;', '&lt;%= capt.ClientID %&gt;');" type="button" value="Subscribe"/>
     </div>
     <div class="message" id="dmessage" style="display:none;">
     </div>
    </div>
    <div class="clear">
    </div>
    <div class="so-share">
     <ul>
      <li class="fb" onclick="FbShare()">
       <small>
        SHARE THIS
       </small>
       <i class="fa fa-facebook">
       </i>
      </li>
      <li class="tw" onclick="TwShare()">
       <small>
        TWEET THIS
       </small>
       <i class="fa fa-twitter">
       </i>
      </li>
      <li class="gp" onclick="GPlusShare()">
       <small>
        SHARE THIS
       </small>
       <i class="fa fa-google-plus">
       </i>
      </li>
      <li class="cm" onclick="FocusDiv()">
       <small>
        COMMENT
       </small>
       <i class="fa fa-comments-o">
       </i>
      </li>
      <li class="lov lovethis" data-loved="false">
       <small class="lovecontent">
        LOVE THIS
       </small>
       <b class="loveb" id="loveb2">
        1
       </b>
       <i class="fa fa-heart-o">
       </i>
      </li>
      <li class="ml">
       <a href="#" onclick="return addthis_sendto('email');" title="email this to a friend">
        <small>
         E-mail
        </small>
        <i class="fa fa-envelope-o">
        </i>
       </a>
      </li>
     </ul>
    </div>
    <link href="http://www.delhionline.in/Content/CommentSection.css" rel="stylesheet"/>
    <script src="/Editor/tiny_mce.js">
    </script>
    <script src="/CommonCommentsBundleJS.js?v=xd6L5nH_tqUXSCL4tmD_RlqExP9TUqHY1Cs0dUU5nUc1">
    </script>
    <input id="CommentContentID" name="CommentContentID" type="hidden" value="32972"/>
    <h2>
     Comments / Discussion Board - Hotels in Delhi
    </h2>
    <div class="commentCommonBox ">
     <input id="innerclicked" name="innerclicked" type="hidden" value="0"/>
     <input id="innercommentid" name="innercommentid" type="hidden" value="0"/>
     <div class="formContainer">
      <label>
       <input id="Name" placeholder="Enter your name" type="text" value=""/>
       <span class="error" id="errorName">
        Please Enter the Name.
       </span>
      </label>
      <label class="right">
       <input id="CityName" placeholder="Enter your city name" type="text" value=""/>
       <span class="error" id="errorCityName">
        Please Enter the City Name.
       </span>
      </label>
      <div class="clear">
      </div>
      <label>
       <input id="Email" placeholder="Enter your email id (Optional)" type="text" value=""/>
       <span class="error" id="errorEmail">
        Please Enter the Email-ID eg.info@indiaonline.in .
       </span>
       <span class="error" id="errorEmail1">
        Entered Email-ID is not correct.
       </span>
      </label>
      <label>
       <textarea cols="5" id="Comment" placeholder="Comment" rows="5">
       </textarea>
       <span class="error" id="errorComment">
        Please Enter the Comment.
       </span>
      </label>
      <button class="right" id="PostComment">
       Post Your Comment
      </button>
      <div class="innerformContainerloader" id="commentloader">
       <img src="/Images/commentload.gif"/>
      </div>
      <div class="clear">
      </div>
     </div>
     <ul class="commentsBox">
      <li id="li-3011">
       <div class="t-circle left">
        T
       </div>
       <div class="right commentShow">
        <div class="head">
         Tour Operator
         <small>
          from Delhi
         </small>
         <small class="right">
          <i class="fa fa-clock-o">
          </i>
          15 Days ago
         </small>
        </div>
        <p>
         Hi Maxin,
         <br/>
         If you have to stay for a Month then i would suggest you to stay in PG. There are lots of PG in Anand Vihar and you can also take PG in Kuashambhi which is near Anand Vihar.
        </p>
        <div class="likeContainer">
         <i class="fa colorLike fa-thumbs-o-up" data-id="3011" data-type="1">
          <small id="3011-1">
           0
          </small>
         </i>
         <i class="fa colorUnLike fa-thumbs-o-down" data-id="3011" data-type="0">
          <small id="3011-0">
           0
          </small>
         </i>
         <div class="reportAbuse" data-type="reportabuse" id="ra-3011">
          <i class="fa fa-exclamation-triangle">
          </i>
          Report Abuse
          <div class="dropDownReport">
          </div>
         </div>
         <div class="reportAbuse reply" data-parent="li-0" data-type="reply" id="reply-3011">
          <i class="fa fa-reply">
          </i>
          Reply
          <div class="dropDownReport">
          </div>
         </div>
         <div class="clear">
         </div>
        </div>
        <div class="clear">
        </div>
        <div class="formContainer innerformContainer" id="3011-innerdiv">
        </div>
        <div class="clear">
        </div>
       </div>
       <div class="clear">
       </div>
       <div class="childcomment">
       </div>
       <div class="clear">
       </div>
      </li>
      <li id="li-1023">
       <div class="m-circle left">
        M
       </div>
       <div class="right commentShow">
        <div class="head">
         Maxin Francis
         <small>
          from Truvandrum
         </small>
         <small class="right">
          <i class="fa fa-clock-o">
          </i>
          89 Days ago
         </small>
        </div>
        <p>
         I have to stay in Delhi for a Month. Kindly suggest me affordable accommodation option in Anand Vihar area.
        </p>
        <div class="likeContainer">
         <i class="fa colorLike fa-thumbs-o-up" data-id="1023" data-type="1">
          <small id="1023-1">
           0
          </small>
         </i>
         <i class="fa colorUnLike fa-thumbs-o-down" data-id="1023" data-type="0">
          <small id="1023-0">
           0
          </small>
         </i>
         <div class="reportAbuse" data-type="reportabuse" id="ra-1023">
          <i class="fa fa-exclamation-triangle">
          </i>
          Report Abuse
          <div class="dropDownReport">
          </div>
         </div>
         <div class="reportAbuse reply" data-parent="li-0" data-type="reply" id="reply-1023">
          <i class="fa fa-reply">
          </i>
          Reply
          <div class="dropDownReport">
          </div>
         </div>
         <div class="clear">
         </div>
        </div>
        <div class="clear">
        </div>
        <div class="formContainer innerformContainer" id="1023-innerdiv">
        </div>
        <div class="clear">
        </div>
       </div>
       <div class="clear">
       </div>
       <div class="childcomment">
       </div>
       <div class="clear">
       </div>
      </li>
     </ul>
    </div>
    <div class="overlayPopUp" id="reportabuselayer" style="display: none">
    </div>
    <div class="animated flipInX commentFormPopUp" id="reportabusepopup" style="display:none;">
     <div class="reportAbuseContainer">
      <h2>
       Report Abuse
       <i class="fa fa-times right">
       </i>
      </h2>
      <input id="ReportAbuseContentID" name="ReportAbuseContentID" type="hidden" value="0"/>
      <div class="reportQues">
       <label>
        <input class="reportabusemaster" id="1" name="reportabusemaster" type="radio" value="1"/>
        <span class="Question">
         Personal attacks - name calling, insulting, etc - on other members
        </span>
        <span class="clear">
        </span>
       </label>
       <label>
        <input class="reportabusemaster" id="2" name="reportabusemaster" type="radio" value="2"/>
        <span class="Question">
         Insensitive references to any race, sex, religion, caste or linguistic community
        </span>
        <span class="clear">
        </span>
       </label>
       <label>
        <input class="reportabusemaster" id="3" name="reportabusemaster" type="radio" value="3"/>
        <span class="Question">
         Statements that are deliberately made to evoke outrage
        </span>
        <span class="clear">
        </span>
       </label>
       <label>
        <input class="reportabusemaster" id="4" name="reportabusemaster" type="radio" value="4"/>
        <span class="Question">
         Verbal violence or threats
        </span>
        <span class="clear">
        </span>
       </label>
       <label>
        <input class="reportabusemaster" id="5" name="reportabusemaster" type="radio" value="5"/>
        <span class="Question">
         Offensive or abusive language
        </span>
        <span class="clear">
        </span>
       </label>
       <label>
        <input class="reportabusemaster" id="6" name="reportabusemaster" type="radio" value="6"/>
        <span class="Question">
         Blatant and mischievous misrepresentation of facts
        </span>
        <span class="clear">
        </span>
       </label>
       <label>
        <input class="reportabusemaster" id="7" name="reportabusemaster" type="radio" value="7"/>
        <span class="Question">
         Spamming - obsessive repetitiveness
        </span>
        <span class="clear">
        </span>
       </label>
       <label>
        <input class="reportabusemaster" id="8" name="reportabusemaster" type="radio" value="8"/>
        <span class="Question">
         Message with commercial or promotional content
        </span>
        <span class="clear">
        </span>
       </label>
       <label>
        <input class="reportabusemaster" id="9" name="reportabusemaster" type="radio" value="9"/>
        <span class="Question">
         Malafide insinuations related to the integrity, probity and judgment of the IndiaOnline Team
        </span>
        <span class="clear">
        </span>
       </label>
       <button class="right">
        Report Abuse
       </button>
       <div class="clear">
       </div>
      </div>
      <div class="clear">
      </div>
     </div>
    </div>
   </div>
   <div class="article-previous navilink">
    <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/golden-triangle-tour" title="Previous">
     <i class="fa fa-angle-left">
     </i>
     <div class="animation-article">
      <div class="arti">
       <div class="img-container">
        <img alt="GT1" src="http://im.hunt.in/cg/Delhi/New-Delhi/City-Guide/m1m-goldentrianglemap.jpg" width="100%"/>
       </div>
       <h2>
        Golden Triangle Tour
       </h2>
      </div>
     </div>
    </a>
   </div>
   <div class="article-next navilink">
    <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/state-bhawans-in-delhi" title="Previous">
     <i class="fa fa-angle-right">
     </i>
     <div class="animation-article">
      <div class="arti">
       <div class="img-container">
        <img alt="Bhawans in Delhi" src="http://im.hunt.in/cg/Delhi/New-Delhi/City-Guide/m1m-bhawans.jpg" width="100%"/>
       </div>
       <h2>
        State Bhawans in Delhi
       </h2>
      </div>
     </div>
    </a>
   </div>
   <div id="RelatedSuggestDiv">
    <div class="closediv" onclick="togglesuggestdiv()">
     <i class="fa fa-angle-left" id="leftsign">
     </i>
     <i class="fa fa-angle-right" id="rightsign" style="display: block;">
     </i>
    </div>
    <h2>
     You may also like to read
    </h2>
    <div id="RelatedSuggest">
     <article>
      <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/state-bhawans-in-delhi" title="State Bhawans in Delhi">
       <div>
        <h2>
         State Bhawans in Delhi
        </h2>
        <div class="img-nor">
         <img alt="Bhawans in Delhi" src="http://im.hunt.in/cg/Delhi/New-Delhi/City-Guide/m1m-bhawans.jpg"/>
        </div>
       </div>
      </a>
     </article>
    </div>
   </div>
   <!-- Go to www.addthis.com/dashboard to customize your tools -->
   <script async="" src="//s7.addthis.com/js/300/addthis_widget.js#pubid=ra-53a18ecd24c90e94" type="text/javascript">
   </script>
   <aside>
    <script type="text/javascript">
     (function () {

             var useSSL = 'https:' == document.location.protocol;

             var src = (useSSL ? 'https:' : 'http:') +

             '//www.googletagservices.com/tag/js/gpt.js';

             document.write('&lt;scr' + 'ipt src="' + src + '"&gt;&lt;/scr' + 'ipt&gt;');

         })();
    </script>
    <div class="com-ads">
     <div class="fran">
      <span>
       <a href="http://bit.ly/1GODDQe" target="_blank">
        <img border="0" src="http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-0tasHzoeOL0/VUnuSy4_LpI/AAAAAAAAAEE/apObpjUvCp8/s1600/Thai-Priviledge-180x100.gif"/>
       </a>
       <p>
        <a href="http://bit.ly/1GODDQe" target="_blank">
         <img border="0" src="http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-lOkBauo8ojw/VUnuS3PRb4I/AAAAAAAAAEA/UNCh5avEy8w/s1600/Thai-Priviledge-600x400.jpg"/>
        </a>
       </p>
      </span>
     </div>
    </div>
    <div class="com-ads">
     <div class="fran">
      <span>
       <a href=" http://bit.ly/1DYcVDb" target="_blank">
        <img border="0" src="http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-_wMlyOo8QQA/VUICaJ5ySdI/AAAAAAAAADU/r8OipRErSY4/s1600/Tabaka-180x100.gif"/>
       </a>
       <p>
        <a href="http://bit.ly/1DYcVDb" target="_blank">
         <img border="0" src="http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-yTOdUm7w5F0/VUICZ5128WI/AAAAAAAAADc/_6A2eaPN-Z0/s1600/Tabaka-600x400.jpg"/>
        </a>
       </p>
      </span>
     </div>
    </div>
    <div class="fran">
     <span>
      <a href="http://bit.ly/1E86L4f" target="_blank">
       <img border="0" src="http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-fO8NvG3qaFk/VUn12myqdXI/AAAAAAAAAEc/A2HTpooB3bw/s1600/FIO-180x100.gif"/>
      </a>
      <p>
       <a href="http://bit.ly/1E86L4f" target="_blank">
        <img border="0" src="http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-hcrind-OmCU/VUn12oAS_fI/AAAAAAAAAEY/DrfcK5PG9k0/s1600/FIO-600x400.jpg"/>
       </a>
      </p>
     </span>
    </div>
    <div class="com-ads">
     <div class="fran">
      <span>
       <a href="http://bit.ly/1GIg6TG" target="_blank">
        <img border="0" src="http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-smAJv52MSa8/VUICaNZpzlI/AAAAAAAAADY/o9nOoVCCDCE/s1600/White-Walkers-180x100.gif"/>
       </a>
       <p>
        <a href="http://bit.ly/1GIg6TG" target="_blank">
         <img border="0" src="http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-u9LHHku_zc4/VUICayYzD5I/AAAAAAAAADk/FlTGVp4lmYY/s1600/White-Walkers-600x400.jpg"/>
        </a>
       </p>
      </span>
     </div>
    </div>
    <div class="fran">
     <span>
      <a href="http://local.indiaonline.in/franchise-opportunity" target="_blank">
       <img border="0" src="http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-ahSdHfHyTxU/VSIJvjdJmFI/AAAAAAAAACk/kffByoUeW3M/s1600/180X150-Franchise.gif"/>
      </a>
      <p>
       <a href="http://local.indiaonline.in/franchise-opportunity" target="_blank">
        <img border="0" src="http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-8D-odsWiJqg/VR51BBFn7lI/AAAAAAAAACM/Mu4GkFbmzLI/s1600/600x400-Franchise.jpg"/>
       </a>
      </p>
     </span>
    </div>
    <a href="http://www.indiaonline.in/Advertise-with-us/Right-Fixed-Banner" target="_blank">
     <div class="banner-ads">
      <p>
       Looking to
       <strong>
        promote
       </strong>
      </p>
      <p>
       your business in
      </p>
      <p>
       <strong>
        NEW DELHI?
       </strong>
      </p>
      <p>
       Put your banner here
      </p>
     </div>
    </a>
    <div class="list-filter">
     <script async="" src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js">
     </script>
     <ins class="adsbygoogle" data-ad-client="ca-pub-4718822750504800" data-ad-format="auto" data-ad-slot="8903559061" style="display: block">
     </ins>
     <script>
      (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
     </script>
    </div>
    <div class="followus">
     <h2>
      Follow Us On
     </h2>
     <div class="socialTab">
      <label class="fa fa-facebook" for="fbv">
       Facebook
      </label>
      <label class="fa fa-twitter" for="twv">
       Twitter
      </label>
     </div>
     <input checked="checked" class="chk" id="fbv" name="ssk" type="radio"/>
     <div class="fb-visit">
      <div class="fb-like-box" data-colorscheme="light" data-header="false" data-height="auto" data-href="https://www.facebook.com/IndiaOnline.in" data-show-border="true" data-show-faces="false" data-stream="true" data-width="180px">
      </div>
     </div>
     <input class="chk" id="twv" name="ssk" type="radio"/>
     <div class="tw-visit">
      <a class="twitter-timeline" data-widget-id="593034588177321984" href="https://twitter.com/indiaonlineiol">
       Tweets by @indiaonlineiol
      </a>
      <script>
       !function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0],p=/^http:/.test(d.location)?'http':'https';if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src=p+"://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","twitter-wjs");
      </script>
     </div>
    </div>
    <div class="subscribe">
     <h2>
      Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter
     </h2>
     <div class="row-sb">
      <input class="iemailids" id="iemailid" maxlength="250" placeholder="Enter Your Email Id " runat="server" type="text"/>
     </div>
     <div class="row-sb">
      <input class="capts" id="capt" maxlength="4" placeholder="Enter Code" runat="server" type="text"/>
      <input alternatetext="Captcha Image" class="CaptchaImages" id="CaptchaImage" onclick="return ChangeImage();" src="/captcha/captcha.aspx" style="cursor: pointer;" type="image"/>
      <img onclick="return ChangeImage();" src="http://im.hunt.in/com/captcha/refresh.png" style="float:left; margin-top:5px; width:15px; height:15px; cursor:pointer;"/>
     </div>
     <div class="row-sb">
      <!--&lt;input type="button" class="btnemail" id="btnemail" value="Subscribe" onclick="NewsClick();" /&gt;-->
      <input class="btnemail" id="btnemail" onclick="NewsClick('&lt;%= iemailid.ClientID %&gt;', '&lt;%= capt.ClientID %&gt;');" type="button" value="Subscribe"/>
     </div>
     <div class="message" id="dmessage" style="display:none;">
     </div>
    </div>
    <script type="text/javascript">
     //initJQuery();
    </script>
    <a class="appbanner-cg" href="http://bit.ly/IndiaOnline-App" target="_blank">
     <img alt="app banner" src="/com/App-Banner/City-guide.jpg"/>
    </a>
   </aside>
   <footer>
    <link href="http://im.hunt.in/com/footer/css/foot.css?v=1.1" rel="stylesheet"/>
    <link href="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jqueryui/1.11.1/themes/ui-lightness/jquery-ui.min.css" rel="stylesheet"/>
    <script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jqueryui/1.11.1/jquery-ui.min.js">
    </script>
    <div id="back">
    </div>
    <div class="changelocation-pop" id="changelocationfooter_popup">
     <input id="hdfirstcatid" type="hidden"/>
     <div class="hed">
      <h2>
       Go to your City website:
      </h2>
      <a title="Close">
       <i class="fa fa-times-circle" id="closeSearchLocationFooter">
       </i>
      </a>
     </div>
     <div class="contant-pop">
      <h3>
       Enter your City name or Pincode
      </h3>
      <div class="searchp">
       <i class="fa fa-search">
       </i>
       <input id="searchlocationfooter_input" type="text"/>
       <i class="fa fa-circle-o-notch fa-spin" id="searchlocationfooter_spiner">
       </i>
      </div>
      <div class="head2">
       <span>
        Top Cities of India
       </span>
       <span>
        Top Cities of
        <a href="http://www.Delhionline.in">
         Delhi
        </a>
       </span>
      </div>
      <div class="city-content">
       <ul>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.agraonline.in">
          Agra
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.ahmedabadonline.in">
          Ahmedabad
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.allahabadonline.in">
          Allahabad
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.amritsaronline.in">
          Amritsar
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.Asansolonline.in">
          Asansol
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.Aurangabadlive.in">
          Aurangabad
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.BengaluruOnline.in">
          Bengaluru
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.bhopalonline.in">
          Bhopal
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.chandigarhonline.in">
          Chandigarh
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.chennaionline.in">
          Chennai
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.coimbatoreonline.in">
          Coimbatore
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.dhanbadonline.in">
          Dhanbad
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.Dombivalionline.in">
          Dombivali
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.faridabadonline.in">
          Faridabad
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.ghaziabadonline.in">
          Ghaziabad
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.gurgaononline.in">
          Gurgaon
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.guwahationline.in">
          Guwahati
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.gwalioronline.in">
          Gwalior
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.howrahonline.in">
          Howrah
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.hubballionline.in">
          Hubballi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.hyderabadonline.in">
          Hyderabad
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.indoreonline.in">
          Indore
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.jabalpuronline.in">
          Jabalpur
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.jaipuronline.in">
          Jaipur
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.jamshedpuronline.in">
          Jamshedpur
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.jodhpuronline.in">
          Jodhpur
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.Kalyanlive.in">
          Kalyan
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.Kannurlive.in">
          Kannur
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.kanpuronline.in">
          Kanpur
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.kochionline.in">
          Kochi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.kolkataonline.in">
          Kolkata
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.kollamonline.in">
          Kollam
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.kotaonline.in">
          Kota
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.kozhikodeonline.in">
          Kozhikode
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.lucknowonline.in">
          Lucknow
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.ludhianaonline.in">
          Ludhiana
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.maduraionline.in">
          Madurai
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.malappuramonline.in">
          Malappuram
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.meerutonline.in">
          Meerut
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.mumbaionline.in">
          Mumbai
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.nagpuronline.in">
          Nagpur
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.nashikonline.in">
          Nashik
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.NaviMumbailive.in">
          Navi Mumbai
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in">
          New Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.noidaonline.in">
          Noida
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.patnaonline.in">
          Patna
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.pimprichinchwadonline.in">
          Pimpri Chinchwad
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.puneonline.in">
          Pune
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.raipuronline.in">
          Raipur
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.rajkotonline.in">
          Rajkot
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.ranchionline.in">
          Ranchi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.Solapuronline.in">
          Solapur
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.Srinagaronline.in">
          Srinagar
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.suratonline.in">
          Surat
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.thaneonline.in">
          Thane
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.thiruvananthapuramonline.in">
          Thiruvananthapuram
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.thrissur-online.in">
          Thrissur
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.vadodaraonline.in">
          Vadodara
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.varanasionline.in">
          Varanasi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.vasaionline.in">
          Vasai
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.vijayawadaonline.in">
          Vijayawada
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.viraronline.in">
          Virar
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.visakhapatnamonline.in">
          Visakhapatnam
         </a>
        </li>
       </ul>
       <ul>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in">
          New Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.faridabadonline.in">
          Faridabad
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.gurgaononline.in">
          Gurgaon
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.noidaonline.in">
          Noida
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.ghaziabadonline.in">
          Ghaziabad
         </a>
        </li>
       </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="city-foot">
       Go to -
       <a href="http://www.indiaonline.in" id="searchlocationfooter_site" target="_blank">
        www.indiaonline.in
       </a>
      </div>
     </div>
     <div class="foot">
      <h2>
       <a href="http://www.indiaonline.in/com/portals.aspx" target="_blank" title="India Online Network - Indias Largest Online Network of 350+ Websites">
        India Online Network - Indias Largest Online Network of 350+ Websites
       </a>
      </h2>
     </div>
    </div>
    <input id="blankdomain" name="blankdomain" type="hidden" value=""/>
    <script src="http://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?v=3&amp;sensor=false" type="text/javascript">
    </script>
    <script src="http://im.hunt.in/com/footer/js/sharelocation_indiaonline.js" type="text/javascript">
    </script>
    <input id="sharelocation_cityname" type="hidden" value="delhionline"/>
    <div class="back" id="sharelocation-pop-backdiv">
    </div>
    <div class="changelocation-pop" id="sharelocation-popdiv">
     <div class="hed">
      <h2>
       Go to your City Website:
      </h2>
      <a onclick="closesharelocation_pop(1)" title="Close">
       <i class="fa fa-times-circle" id="closeSearchLocationFooter">
       </i>
      </a>
     </div>
     <div class="contant2">
      <h3>
       City detected 
       <b id="currentcitynamep1">
       </b>
       <small onclick="closesharelocation_pop(2)">
        (Wrong city?)
       </small>
      </h3>
      <div class="pop-row">
       We have a found a dedicated website for your city
       <b id="currentcitynamep2">
       </b>
       -
      </div>
      <div class="pop-row">
       <b>
        <a id="currentcitynamea1">
        </a>
       </b>
      </div>
      <div class="pop-row" style="margin-top:-7px;">
       <small onclick="closesharelocation_pop(2)">
        (Wrong city?)
       </small>
      </div>
      <div class="pop-row" style="margin-top:17px;">
       Jump to
       <b>
        <a id="currentcitynamea2">
        </a>
       </b>
       now
      </div>
      <div class="pop-row">
       or
      </div>
      <div class="pop-row">
       <a id="currentcitynamea" onclick="closesharelocation_pop(1)">
        Click Here to continue on the current site
       </a>
      </div>
     </div>
     <div class="foot">
      <h2>
       <a href="http://www.indiaonline.in/com/portals.aspx" target="_blank" title="India Online Network - Indias Largest Online Network of 350+ Websites">
        India Online Network - Indias Largest Online Network of 350+ Websites
       </a>
      </h2>
     </div>
    </div>
    <div class="footer-contener-foot">
     <div class="location">
      <p>
       <i class="fa fa-map-marker">
       </i>
       <span>
        <small>
         Current Location:
        </small>
        New Delhi
       </span>
       -
       <small>
        <a class="showSearchLocationfooter">
         Change
        </a>
        |
        <a onclick="locationautodetact_indiaonline()">
         Auto Detect
        </a>
       </small>
      </p>
     </div>
     <div class="footer-main-foot">
      <div class="foot-m-foot">
       <div class="comment-foot">
        <h3>
         India Online Network
        </h3>
        <p>
         <a href="http://www.indiaonline.in/com/portals.aspx" target="_blank" title="Indias Largest Online network of 350+ websites">
          This site is a part of India Online Network  Indias Largest Online network of 350+ websites. For complete list of websites, click here
         </a>
         .
        </p>
       </div>
       <div class="links-foot">
        <h3>
         Regular links
        </h3>
        <ul>
         <li>
          <a href="http://www.indiaonline.in/business-opportunity" target="_blank">
           Become our Business Associate
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://local.indiaonline.in/getonline" target="_blank">
           Get Online - Free Website for Businesses
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://www.indiaonline.in/business-opportunity" target="_blank">
           Franchise Opportunity
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://www.panindia.in/" target="_blank">
           About Us
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://www.panindia.in/contact/" target="_blank">
           Contact Us
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://www.indiaonline.in/Advertise-with-us" target="_blank">
           Advertise with Us
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://panindia.in/careers.html" target="_blank" title="Careers With Us">
           Careers With Us
          </a>
         </li>
        </ul>
        <div class="subscribe-foot">
         <label>
          Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter
         </label>
         <input id="nwsletterreg" maxlength="250" placeholder="Enter Your Email Id " style=" display:block;" type="email"/>
         <div class="capts" id="captcodes" style=" display:none;">
          <input class="captchaimages" id="captcodechaImage" onclick="return ChangecapchaImage();" src="/captcha/captcha.aspx" style="cursor: pointer;" type="image"/>
          <img class="refersh" onclick="return ChangecapchaImage();" src="http://im.hunt.in/com/captcha/refresh.png"/>
          <input id="captcode" maxlength="4" placeholder="Enter Code" type="text"/>
         </div>
         <input id="showcaptcha" onclick="shownlcapcha();" style="display:block" type="button" value="Subscribe"/>
         <input id="btnnlemail" onclick="subscribe();" style="display:none" type="button" value="Subscribe"/>
         <div class="message" id="dvmessage" style="display:none;">
         </div>
        </div>
       </div>
       <div class="follow-us-foot">
        <h3>
         Follow us
        </h3>
        <ul class="icons">
         <li>
          <a href="http://panindia.in/media-coverage.html" target="_blank">
           <i class="fa fa-newspaper-o solo">
           </i>
           <span>
            Our Media Coverage
           </span>
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="https://www.facebook.com/IndiaOnline.in" target="_blank">
           <i class="fa fa-facebook solo">
           </i>
           <span>
            Facebook
           </span>
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="https://twitter.com/indiaonlineiol" target="_blank">
           <i class="fa fa-twitter solo">
           </i>
           <span>
            Twitter
           </span>
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="https://plus.google.com/+IndiaonlineIn/posts" target="_blank">
           <i class="fa fa-google-plus solo">
           </i>
           <span>
            Google+
           </span>
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/India_Online" target="_blank">
           <i class="fa fa-wikipedia">
           </i>
           <span>
            Wikipedia
           </span>
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://blog.indiaonline.in/" target="_blank">
           <i class="fa fa-blog">
           </i>
           <span>
            India Online Blog
           </span>
          </a>
         </li>
        </ul>
       </div>
       <div class="aap-ads-foot">
        <a class="aap-ad" href="http://mobile.indiaonline.in">
         <img alt="Download IndiaOnline.in App" src="http://www.delhionline.in/img/app-ads.png" title="Download IndiaOnline.in App"/>
        </a>
       </div>
      </div>
      <div class="footer-foot-copy">
       <div class="foot-m-foot">
        <p>
         Copyright  2015 -
         <a href="http://panindia.in/" target="_blank" title="Pan India Internet Private Limited (PIIPL)h">
          Pan India Internet Private Limited (PIIPL)
         </a>
         <a href="http://www.indiaonline.in/com/Privacy-Policy.html" target="_blank" title="Privacy Policy">
          Privacy Policy
         </a>
         <a href="http://www.indiaonline.in/com/Terms-of-Service.html" target="_blank" title="Terms of Service">
          Terms of Service
         </a>
         <a onclick="tfeed();" style="text-decoration: none; cursor: pointer;">
          Feedback / Report an Error
         </a>
        </p>
       </div>
      </div>
     </div>
    </div>
    <div class="footer-pop">
     <div class="fooer-hd">
      <div class="foot-hed">
       <h2>
        What do you want to do?
       </h2>
       <div class="social-foot">
        <div class="fb-like" data-action="like" data-href="https://www.facebook.com/IndiaOnline.in" data-layout="button_count" data-share="false" data-show-faces="true">
        </div>
       </div>
       <div class="location">
        <i class="fa fa-map-marker" style="color:#000;">
        </i>
        Current Location:
        <b style="color:#000; font-weight:700;font-size: 19px !important;">
         New Delhi
        </b>
        -
        <span class="showSearchLocationfooter" style=" cursor:pointer; color:#fff; font-size:13px;">
         Change
        </span>
        |
        <span onclick="locationautodetact_indiaonline()" style=" cursor:pointer; color:#fff; font-size:13px;">
         Auto Detect
        </span>
       </div>
       <h2 id="subscribe-newsltr">
        Subscribe to Our Newsletter
       </h2>
      </div>
      <div class="arrow">
       <i class="fa fa-angle-down" id="footerdown">
       </i>
       <i class="fa fa-angle-up" id="footerup" style="display: none;">
       </i>
      </div>
     </div>
     <div class="footerpop-main">
      <div class="mn">
       <div class="left-sec">
        <ul>
         <li>
          <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide">
           <i class="fa fa-map-marker">
           </i>
           <label>
            Explore
                                   New Delhi
           </label>
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <span class="plush">
           <a class="tooltips" href="http://local.indiaonline.in/getonline">
            <span>
             Create FREE All India Directory / Search Listing and Website for your business
            </span>
            <i class="fa fa-plus">
            </i>
           </a>
          </span>
          <a href="http://local.delhionline.in">
           <i class="fa fa-search">
           </i>
           <label>
            New Delhi Local Search
           </label>
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <span class="plush">
           <a class="tooltips" href="http://local.indiaonline.in/getonline">
            <span>
             Create FREE All India Directory / Search Listing and Website for your business
            </span>
            <i class="fa fa-plus">
            </i>
           </a>
          </span>
          <a href="http://local.indiaonline.in/getonline">
           <i class="fa fa-globe">
           </i>
           <label>
            Create FREE Website
           </label>
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <span class="plush">
           <a class="tooltips" href="http://ads.indiaonline.in/create-Ad/">
            <span>
             Post FREE classified ads to buy / sell anything in your city. Also post Jobs, Matrimonial and Real Estate ads
            </span>
            <i class="fa fa-plus">
            </i>
           </a>
          </span>
          <a href="http://ads.delhionline.in">
           <i class="fa fa-inr">
           </i>
           <label>
            Buy / Sell Anything
           </label>
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <span class="plush">
           <a class="tooltips" href="http://jaago.indiaonline.in/post-issue/">
            <span>
             Post your issues/problems right here against anything wrong or illegal happening around you in your locality / city!
            </span>
            <i class="fa fa-plus">
            </i>
           </a>
          </span>
          <a href="http://jaago.delhionline.in">
           <i class="fa fa-bullhorn">
           </i>
           <label>
            Raise Your Voice
           </label>
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <span class="plush">
           <a class="tooltips" href="http://news.indiaonline.in/press-releases/post">
            <span>
             Post your Press Releases for FREE
            </span>
            <i class="fa fa-plus">
            </i>
           </a>
          </span>
          <a href="http://news.delhionline.in">
           <i class="fa fa-coffee">
           </i>
           <label>
            Read Latest News
           </label>
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://news.indiaonline.in/out-of-box">
           <i class="fa fa-magic">
           </i>
           <label>
            What's Hot &amp; Trending
           </label>
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <span class="plush">
           <a class="tooltips" href="http://news.indiaonline.in/citizen-journalist/post-cj">
            <span>
             Become a Proud Citizen Journalist / reporter in your City
            </span>
            <i class="fa fa-plus">
            </i>
           </a>
          </span>
          <a href="http://www.indiaonline.in/cj">
           <i class="fa fa-users">
           </i>
           <label>
            Become Citizen Journalist
           </label>
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <span class="plush">
           <a class="tooltips" href="http://events.indiaonline.in/create-events/">
            <span>
             Promote your Events for FREE. Or add an event happening in your city
            </span>
            <i class="fa fa-plus">
            </i>
           </a>
          </span>
          <a href="http://events.delhionline.in">
           <i class="fa fa-calendar">
           </i>
           <label>
            Find Upcoming Events
           </label>
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <span class="plush">
           <a class="tooltips" href="http://tribute.indiaonline.in/add-tribute/">
            <span>
             Create a Remembrance page for your beloved family member who has left for their heavenly abode!
            </span>
            <i class="fa fa-plus">
            </i>
           </a>
          </span>
          <a href="http://tribute.delhionline.in">
           <i class="fa fa-heart-o">
           </i>
           <label>
            Obituaries/Tributes
           </label>
          </a>
         </li>
        </ul>
       </div>
       <div class="right-sec">
        <h3>
         Other Interesting things to do -
        </h3>
        <ul>
         <li>
          <a class="tooltips" href="http://divine.delhionline.in">
           <span>
            Create a free website for any religious place that is in your locality or city with whom you are associated.
           </span>
           Divine - Temples /Mosques
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://news.indiaonline.in/press-releases/post">
           Submit Press Releases
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://articles.delhionline.in">
           Read / Submit Articles
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://www.indiaonline.in/">
           Daily  Horoscope
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://videos.indiaonline.in/latest-videos">
           Watch Videos
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://pincode.delhionline.in" target="_blank">
           Pincode search
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://www.indianjokes.in" target="_blank">
           Read Funny Jokes
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://www.festivalsofindia.in/index.aspx" target="_blank">
           Know about Festivals
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://www.indiagreetings.in/" target="_blank">
           Send eGreetings
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://poll.indiaonline.in">
           Poll of the day
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://www.gamesonline.in" target="_blank">
           Play Online Games
          </a>
         </li>
         <li>
          <a href="http://local.indiaonline.in/ba">
           Business Opportunities
          </a>
         </li>
        </ul>
       </div>
      </div>
     </div>
    </div>
    <div class="subscrib-news-wraper">
    </div>
    <div class="subsricb-container">
     <div class="close-news-letter">
      X
     </div>
     <div class="contain-news">
      <div class="subscribe">
       <h2>
        Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter
       </h2>
       <div class="row-sb">
        <input class="iemailids" id="footiemailid" maxlength="250" placeholder="Enter Your Email Id " runat="server" type="text"/>
       </div>
       <div class="row-sb">
        <input class="capts" id="footcapt" maxlength="4" placeholder="Enter Code" runat="server" type="text"/>
        <input alternatetext="Captcha Image" class="footCaptchaImages" id="footCaptchaImage" onclick="return footerChangeImage();" src="/captcha/newscaptcha.aspx" style="cursor: pointer;" type="image"/>
        <img onclick="return footerChangeImage();" src="http://im.hunt.in/com/captcha/refresh.png" style="float:left; margin-top:5px; width:15px; height:15px;cursor:pointer;"/>
       </div>
       <div class="row-sb">
        <input class="btnemail" id="footbtnemail" onclick="footerNewsClick('&lt;%= footiemailid.ClientID %&gt;', '&lt;%= footcapt.ClientID %&gt;');" type="button" value="Subscribe"/>
       </div>
       <div class="message" id="footdmessage" style="display:none;">
       </div>
      </div>
     </div>
    </div>
    <div id="fb-root">
    </div>
    <script>
     (function (d, s, id) {
    var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
    if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
    js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
    js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&amp;version=v2.0";
    fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));
    </script>
   </footer>
   <a class="scrolly backToTop" href="javascript:void()" id="toparrow" onclick="SlidePge()" style="display: none;">
    <i class="fa fa-arrow-up">
    </i>
   </a>
  </section>
  <header>
   <div class="menu-icon">
    <i class="fa fa-angle-left">
    </i>
   </div>
   <section>
    <div class="logo">
     <div class="goto">
      <a href="http://www.delhionline.in" id="gotohome" title="http://www.delhionline.in">
       www.delhionline.in
      </a>
     </div>
     <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide" id="logname" title="New Delhi Online">
      <h2>
       <span class="logon" id="logo_state_name">
        delhionline
       </span>
       <span class="logobg">
       </span>
      </h2>
     </a>
    </div>
    <div class="clear">
    </div>
    <div class="facebook-Like">
     <div class="fb-like" data-action="like" data-href="https://www.facebook.com/IndiaOnline.in" data-layout="button_count" data-share="false" data-show-faces="false">
     </div>
     <div id="fb-root">
     </div>
    </div>
    <div class="clear">
    </div>
    <script type="text/javascript">
     //initJQuery();
    </script>
    <a class="downloadApp-top-cg" href="http://bit.ly/IndiaOnline-App" target="_blank">
     <p>
      <i class="fa fa-android">
      </i>
      <span>
       Download Our Mobile App
      </span>
     </p>
    </a>
    <div class="clear">
    </div>
    <nav class="mCustomScrollbar">
     <ul>
      <li class="hli">
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/about-delhi">
        About Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="13343">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/delhi-government">
        Administration in Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="16603">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/business-and-economy-of-delhi">
        Business and Economy of Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="13049">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/culture-of-delhi">
        Culture of Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="28505">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/delhi-specials">
        Delhi Specials
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="12647">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/delhi-tourism">
        Delhi Tourism
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/adventure-island-at-rohini">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          A Birthday Bash at Adventure Island
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/agra-tour-from-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Agra Tour from Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/agrasen-ki-baoli">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Agrasen Ki Baoli
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/air-force-museum">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Air Force Museum Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/akshardham-temple">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Akshardham Temple
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/alai-minar-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Alai Minar in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/amusement-parks-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Amusement &amp; Water Parks In Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/archaeological-museum">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Archaeological Museum Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/azad-hind-gram-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Azad Hind Gram in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/bal-bhavan-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Bal Bhavan Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/birla-mandir">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Birla Mandir in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/churches-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Churches in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/crafts-museum-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Crafts Museum in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/delhi-dolls-museum">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Delhi Dolls Museum
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/delhi-in-one-day">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Delhi In One Day
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/digambar-jain-lal-mandir">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Digambar Jain Lal Mandir
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/parks-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Famous Parks in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/gandhi-smriti">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Gandhi Smriti in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/garden-of-five-senses">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Garden of Five Senses in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/gardens-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Gardens in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/golden-triangle-tour">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Golden Triangle Tour
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/gurudwaras-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Gurudwaras in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a class="active" href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/hotels-in-delhi">
          Hotels in Delhi
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/how-to-reach-red-fort">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          How to Reach Red Fort
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/humayun-tomb">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Humayuns Tomb
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/important-roads-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Important Roads in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/india-gate">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          India Gate
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/indira-gandhi-memorial">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Indira Gandhi Memorial
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/indira-priyadarshini-wildlife-sanctuary">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Indira Priyadarshini (Asola) Wildlife Sanctuary
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/isbt-kashmiri-gate">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          ISBT Kashmiri Gate
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/iskcon-temple-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          ISKCON Temple - Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/jain-temples-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Jain Temples in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/jama-masjid-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Jama Masjid in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/jantar-mantar">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Jantar Mantar Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/khan-i-khanan-tomb-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Khan-I-Khanan Tomb in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/lodhi-gardens">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Lodhi Gardens
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/lodi-tomb">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Lodi Tomb in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/lotus-temple">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Lotus Temple in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/masjids-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Masjids in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/metro-museum-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Metro Museum in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/monuments-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Monuments in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/mughal-gardens">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Mughal Gardens in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/museums-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Museums in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/malcha-mahal-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Mysterious Malcha Mahal in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/gandhi-museum">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          National Gandhi Museum
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/national-museum-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          National Museum in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/national-gallery-of-modern-art">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          National Museum of Modern Art in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/national-museum-of-natural-history">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          National Museum of Natural History in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/national-science-centre">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          National Science Centre
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/zoological-park-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          National Zoological Park
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/new-delhi-railway-station">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          New Delhi Railway Station
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/hazrat-nizamuddin-dargah">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Nizamuddin Dargah in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/nizamuddin-railway-station">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Nizamuddin Railway Station
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/old-delhi-railway-station">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Old Delhi Railway Station
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/parliament-house">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Parliament House
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/picnic-places-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Picnic Places in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/purana-qila">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Purana Qila in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/qutub-minar">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Qutub Minar
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/rail-museum-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Rail Museum Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/raj-ghat">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Rajghat in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/rashtrapati-bhavan">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Rashtrapati Bhavan
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/rashtrapati-bhavan-visit">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Rashtrapati Bhavan Visit
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/history-of-red-fort">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Red Fort - History &amp; Architecture
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/red-fort">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Red Fort in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/safdarjung-tomb">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Safdarjung Tomb
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/shanti-van">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Shanti Van
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/siri-fort">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Siri Fort in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/state-bhawans-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          State Bhawans in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/sulabh-international-museum-of-toilets-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Sulabh International Museum of Toilets
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/supreme-court-of-india-museum">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Supreme Court of India Museum
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/temples-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Temples in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/tour-operators-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Tour Operators in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/places-to-see-around-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Tourist Places Near Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/travel-agents-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Travel Agents in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/tribal-museum-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Tribal Museum in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/trip-from-delhi-to-goa">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Trip from Delhi to Goa
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/trip-from-delhi-to-kerala">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Trip from Delhi to Kerala
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/trip-from-delhi-to-ladakh">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Trip from Delhi to Ladakh
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/trip-from-delhi-to-nainital">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Trip from Delhi to Nainital
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/trip-from-delhi-to-shimla">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Trip from Delhi to Shimla
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/trip-from-delhi-to-vaishno-devi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Trip from Delhi to Vaishno Devi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/tughlaqabad-fort">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Tughlaqabad Fort Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/uttara-swami-malai-temple">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Uttara Swami Malai Temple
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/vintage-analogue-camera-museum">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Vintage Analogue Camera Museum in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/vishwa-shanti-stupa-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Vishwa Shanti Stupa in Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
        <li>
         <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/wildlife-sanctuaries-in-delhi">
          <i class="fa fa-caret-right">
          </i>
          Wildlife Sancturies around Delhi
         </a>
        </li>
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="16606">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/emergency-services-in-delhi">
        Emergency Services in Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="13276">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/entertainment-and-nightlife-in-delhi">
        Entertainment and Nightlife in Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="13018">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/food-in-delhi">
        Food in Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="13071">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/geography-of-delhi">
        Geography Of Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="16609">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/health-in-delhi">
        Health in Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="13332">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/history-of-delhi">
        History of Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/important-links-of-delhi">
        Important Links of Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="16722">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/lifestyle-in-delhi">
        Lifestyle in Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="16618">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/localities-of-delhi">
        Localities of Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="12912">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/services-in-delhi">
        Services in Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="12723">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/shopping-in-delhi">
        Shopping in Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="16614">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/society-in-delhi">
        Society in Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="16725">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/sports-in-delhi">
        Sports in Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="hli">
       <span class="spanplus" data-id="13225">
        +
       </span>
       <a href="http://www.delhionline.in/city-guide/public-transport-in-delhi">
        Transport in Delhi
       </a>
       <ul class="sub-menu mCustomScrollbar">
       </ul>
      </li>
     </ul>
    </nav>
    <div class="clear">
    </div>
    <div class="footer">
     <form action="http://www.hunt.in/result.asp" id="searchbox_016298224142855482720:szcq2rkc2ra" target="_blank">
      <input name="cx" type="hidden" value="016298224142855482720:szcq2rkc2ra"/>
      <input name="cof" type="hidden" value="FORID:10"/>
      <input name="q" type="text"/>
      <button class="search" id="sa" name="Search" title="Search" type="submit" value="">
       <i class="fa fa-search">
       </i>
      </button>
     </form>
     <div class="clear">
     </div>
    </div>
   </section>
  </header>
  <script src="http://im.hunt.in/city-guide/js/custom.js">
  </script>
  <script type="text/javascript">
   var _gaq = _gaq || []; _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-21821457-1']); _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']); _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]); _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']); (function () { var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true; ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js'; var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s); })();
  </script>
  <link href="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/4.1.0/css/font-awesome.min.css" rel="stylesheet"/>
  <script src="/CityGuideJS.js?v=F8YjbgGZTSv1ptOwMla0l6YeIbQbXXbTLY3gqegmHv41">
  </script>
  <link href="/CityGuideCSS.css?v=QDAOcaeSMzXDsrTQS4O2oNLCll-l3NmkgqEGK6zym_c1" rel="stylesheet"/>
 </body>
</html>